Do you eat junk food at the movie theatre?
Yes, I eat junk food at the movie theatre.
Do you eat healthy food at the movie theatre?
No, I don't eat healthy food at the movie theatre .
What food do you eat at the movie theatre?
I eat junk food at the movie theatre.
What food do you eat at the movie theatre?
I eat junk food at the movie theatre.
Do you go to the movie theatre to watch movies or to eat junk food?
I go to the movie theatre to watch movies.
Do you go to the movie theatre to watch movies or to eat junk?
I go to the movie theatre to watch movies.
Why do you go to the movie theatre?
I go to the movie theatre to watch movies.
Why do you go to the movie theatre?
Do you eat your junk food before the movie?
No, I don't eat my junk food before the movie.
Do you eat your junk food after the movie?
No, I don't eat my junk food after the movie.
Do you eat your junk food during the movie?
Yes, I eat my junk food during the movie.
When you go to the movie theatre? when do you eat your junk food?
When I go to the movie theatre I eat my junk food during the movie.
When you go to the movie theatre? when do you eat your junk food?
Do you get up at 2 AM every day?
No, I don't get up at 2 AM everyday.
Do you get up at 6 AM every day?
Yes, I get up at 6 AM every day.
What time do you get up everyday?
I get up at 6 AM everyday.
What time do you get up every day?
Do you sleep during the day?
No, I don't sleep during the day.
Do you sleep on the train?
No, I don't sleep on the train.
Do you usually have breakfast before you go to work?
Yes, I usually have breakfast before I go to work.
Do you usually have time to have breakfast before you go to work?
Yes, I usually have time to have breakfast before I go to work.
Do you have your breakfast before you get up?
No, I don't have my breakfast before I get up.
Do you have your breakfast after you get up?
Yes, I have my breakfast after I get up.
What time do you usually have Your breakfast?
I usually have my breakfast at 6:30 in the morning.
What time do you usually have your breakfast?
I usually have my breakfast at 6:30 in the morning.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
How do you like your cereal with milk or without it?
I like my cereal with milk.
Is cereal good for you in the morning?
Yes, cereal is good for me in the morning.
Why do you eat cereal in the morning?
I eat cereal in the morning because it's good for me.
Do you usually have dinner before work or after work?
I usually have dinner after work.
What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually eat a salad for dinner.
Is a salad healthy food?
Yes, a salad is healthy food.
Is a salad junk food?
No, a salad isn't junk food.
Light salad is good for you.
It's not junk.
It's healthy.
But too much of it of course.
What time do you usually have your dinner?
I usually have my dinner at 7 PM.
What time do you usually have your dinner?
Do you eat your dinner before or after you go to bed?
I eat my dinner before I go to bed.
Do you eat ever breakfast in bed?
No, I don't eat my breakfast in bed.
Do you drink coffee in bed before you get up?
No, I don't drink coffee in bed before I get up.
Do you usually put sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I usually put sugar in my coffee.
Do you put much sugar in your coffee?
No, I don't put much sugar in my coffee.
Do you put a little sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put a little sugar in my coffee
Do you like hamburgers.
Yes, I like hamburgers.
Do they put meat in the hamburgers?
Yes, They put meat in the hamburgers.
Do you like your hamburgers with or without meat?
I like my hamburgers with meat.
How do you like your hamburger?
I like my hamburger with meat.
Do you usually sleep a lot during the night?
No, I don't usually sleep a lot During the night.
Do you usually sleep a little during the night?
Yes, I usually sleep a little during the night.
What time do you usually get up?
I usually get up at 6 AM.
What time do you usually go to sleep?
I usually go to sleep at 12 o'clock midnight.
How long do you sleep at night?
I sleep for 6 hours at night.
How long do you sleep at night?
I sleep for 6 hours at night.
Is 6 hours of sleep a lot
No, 6 hours of sleep isn't a lot.
Is 6 hours of sleep a little?
Yes, 6 hours of sleep is a little.
Is it good for you to sleep a little every night?
No, it's not good for me sleep a little will every night.
Is it healthy to sleep a little every night?
No, it's not healthy to sleep a little every night.
Sleep 6 to 8 hours every night.
Eat healthy.
And you'll be fine.
Do you eat meat?
Yes, I eat meat.
Do you eat meat 2 o'clock in the morning?
No, I don't eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Is it good for you to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning?
No, it's not good for me to eat meet at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Is it bad for you to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning?
Yes, it's bad for me to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Is it bad for you to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning?
Why don't you eat meat at night?
I don't eat meat at night because it's bad for me to eat meat at night.
Why don't you eat meat at night?
I don't eat meat at night because it's bad for me to eat meat at night.
Do they put sugar in French fries?

No, they don't put sugar in French fries.
Do they put salt in French fries?
Yes, they put salt in French fries.
What do they put in French fries?
They put salt in French fries.
What do they put in French fries?
What do they put in French fries?
They put salt in French fries.
Do they put a little salt in French fries?
No, they don't put a little salt in French fries.
Do they put a lot of salt in French fries?
Yes, They put a lot of salt in French fries.
How much salt do they put in French fries?
They put a lot of salt in French fries.
How much salt do they put in French fries?
Is a hamburger healthy?
No, a hamburger isn't healthy.
Are French fries healthy?
No, French fries aren't healthy.
Is this healthy food?
No, this isn't healthy food.
Is this junk food?
Yes, this is junk food.
Do you often go to the movies?
Yes, I often go to the movies.
Do you go to the movies everyday?
No, I don't go to the movies every day
Do you eat cereal for breakfast?
Yes, I eat cereal for breakfast.
Do you like your serial with or without milk?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
Is a hamburger with soda a good breakfast?
No, a hamburger with soda isn't a good breakfast.
Is a hamburger with soda a bad breakfast?
Yes, a hamburger with soda is a bad breakfast.
Do you often eat hamburgers and French fries?
I don't often eat hamburgers and French fries.
Do you eat hamburgers and French fries at home or at a restaurant?
I eat hamburgers and French fries at a restaurant.
Where do you usually eat hamburgers and French fries?
I usually eat hamburgers and French fries at a restaurant.
Where do you usually eat hamburgers and French fries.
Do you usually eat a salad for lunch?
Yes, I usually eat a salad for lunch.
Do you usually eat a slice of pizza for lunch?
No, I don't usually eat a slice of pizza for lunch.
Is a slice of pizza a good lunch?
No, a slice of pizza isn't a good lunch.
Do you usually eat pizza at work or at a restaurant?
I usually eat pizza at a restaurant
Is a salad a good lunch?
Yes, a salad is a good lunch.
What is a good lunch?
A salad is a good lunch.
What is a good breakfast?
Cereal is a good breakfast.
Do you usually eat your breakfast at 5 o'clock in the morning?
No, I don't usually eat my breakfast at 5 o'clock in the morning.
Do you usually eat your breakfast at 5 o'clock in the morning?
Do you usually eat your breakfast at 10 o'clock in the morning?
No, I don't usually eat my breakfast at 10 o'clock in the morning.
Do you usually eat your breakfast at 7 o'clock in the morning?
Yes, I usually eat my breakfast at 7 o'clock in the morning.
What time do you usually eat your breakfast?
I usually eat my breakfast at 7 o'clock in the morning.
Do you usually have a big breakfast or a small breakfast?
I usually have a small breakfast.
Do you like cold pizza?
No, I don't like cold pizza.
Do you like hot pizza?
Yes, I like hot pizza.
How do you like your pizza?
I like my Pizza Hot.
How do you like your pizza?
Do you drink pizza or do you eat it?
I eat pizza.
Do you drink soda?
Yes, I drink soda.
Do you eat French fries or do you drink friends fries?
I eat French fries.
Do you like French fries for dinner?
No, I don't like French fries for dinner.
Do you like French fries for dinner?
Do you eat your dinner at 4 PM?
No, I don't eat my dinner at 4 PM.
Do you eat your dinner at 12 o'clock midnight?
No, I don't eat my dinner at 12 o'clock midnight.
Do you usually eat your dinner at 8 PM?
Yes, I usually eat my dinner at 8 PM.
What time do you usually eat your dinner?
I usually eat my dinner at 8 PM.
What time do you usually eat your dinner?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
How do you like your cereal With or without milk?
I like my cereal with milk.
What do you usually drink with your breakfast?
I usually drink coffee with my breakfirst.
What do you usually drink with your breakfast?
I usually drink coffee with my breakfast.
Do you like coffee with or without milk?
I like coffee with milk.
Do you drink much coffee during the day?
I don't drink much coffee during the day.
Do you drink one cup of coffee during the day?
No, I don't drink one cup of coffee during the day.
Do you usually drink 2 cups of coffee during the day?
Yes, I usually drink 2 cups of coffee during the day.
How many cups of coffee do you usually drink during the day?
I usually drink 2 cups of coffee during the day.
How many cups of coffee do you usually drink during the day?
Is it good for you to drink a lot of coffee?
No, it isn't good for me to drink a lot of coffee.
Is it good for you to drink a lot of coffee?
No, it isn't good for me to drink a lot of coffee.
Is it bad for you to drink a lot of coffee?
Yes, it is bad for me to drink a lot of coffee.
Why don't you drink a lot of coffee?
I don't drink a lot of coffee because it's bad for me,
Do you take a bus to work?
No, I don't take a bus to work.
Do you take a train to work?
Yes, I take a train to work.
How do you go to work?
I take a train to work.
How do you go to work?
I take a train to work.
Do you eat a lot of sugar during the day?
No, I don't eat a lot of sugar during the day.
Is it good for you to eat a lot of sugar?
No, it's not good for me to eat a lot of sugar.
Is it bad for you to eat a lot of sugar?
Yes, it's bad for me to eat a lot of sugar.
Why don't you eat a lot of sugar during the day?
I don't eat a lot of sugar during the day because a lot of sugar is bad for me.
Why don't you eat a lot of sugar during the day?
I don't eat a lot of sugar during the day because a lot of sugar is bad for me.
Does soda have a lot of sugar in it?
Yes, soda has a lot of sugar in it.
Do you usually drink a lot of soda with your lunch?
I don't usually drink a lot of soda with my lunch.
Why not?
Because it's bad for me to drink a lot of soda?
Why don't you drink a lot of soda with your lunch?
I don't drink a lot of soda with my lunch because it's bad for me to drink a lot of soda.
Do you sometimes eat pizza at night?
Yes, I sometimes eat pizza at night
Is it good for you.
No, it's not good for me.
Is it bad for you to eat pizza at night.
Yes, It's bad for me to eat pizza at night.
Do you eat hamburgers for dinner everyday?
No, I don't eat hamburgers for dinner every day.
Is it good for you to eat hamburgers for dinner every day?
No, it's not good for me to eat hamburgers for dinner every day.
Is it bad for you to eat hamburgers for dinner everyday?
Yes, it's bad for me to eat hamburgers for dinner every day.
Why don't you eat hamburgers for dinner every day?
I don't eat hamburgers for dinner every day because it's bad for me.
What time do you usually have your dinner?
I usually have my dinner at 7 PM.
What time do you usually have your dinner?
Do you eat your dinner before or after you go to bed?
I eat my dinner before I go to bed.
Do you eat ever breakfast in bed?
No, I don't eat my breakfast in bed.
Do you drink coffee in bed before you get up?
No, I don't drink coffee in bed before I get up.
Do you usually put sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I usually put sugar in my coffee.
Do you put much sugar in your coffee?
No, I don't put much sugar in my coffee.
Do you put a little sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put a little sugar in my coffee.
Do you like hamburgers?
Yes, I like hamburgers.
Do they put meat in the hamburgers?
Yes, They put meat in the hamburgers.
Do you like your hamburgers with or without meat?
I like my hamburgers with meat.
How do you like your hamburger?
I like my hamburger with meat?
Do you usually sleep a lot during the night?
No, I don't usually sleep a lot During the night.
Do you usually sleep a little during the night?
Yes, I usually sleep a little during the night.
What time do you usually get up?
I usually get up at 6 AM.
What time do you usually go to sleep?
I usually go to sleep at 12 o'clock midnight.
How long do you sleep at night?
I sleep for 6 hours at night.
How long do you sleep at night?
I sleep for 6 hours at night.
Is 6 hours of sleep a lot?
No, 6 hours of sleep isn't a lot.
Is 6 hours of sleep a little?
Yes, 6 hours of sleep is a little.
Is it good for you to sleep a little every night?
No, it's not good for me sleep a little will every night.
Is it healthy to sleep a little every night?
No, it's not healthy to sleep a little every night.
Sleep 6 to 8 hours every night.
Eat healthy.
And you'll be fine.
Some - unspecified very general object or people
There is some water on the floor.
There are some people at the office.
There are some mistakes in this text.
I need to buy some milk.
Do you have some money?
Do you want some coffee?
Do you have any money?
Yes, I have some money.
No, I don't have any money.
Do you know any people at Microsoft?
Yes, I know some people at Microsoft.
No, I don't know any people at Microsoft.
I don't drink any coffee in the morning.
I drink no coffee in the morning.
I don't have any money.
I have no money.
I don't see any cars in the street.
I see no cars in the street.
Always
There is
There are
To live
A street
Home
To go home
Full
Full of people
Empty
Empty of people
A room
Like to do
Want to do
Early
Late
Late for work
Rush hour
Heavy
Light
Traffic
Now
Do you always get up happy in the morning?
No, I don't always get up happy in the morning.
Is it rush hour now?
Yes, it is rush hour now.
What time is it?
It is 8 o'clock in the morning.
Do you often take a train during rush hour?
Yes, I often take a train during rush hour.
Do you like to take a train during rush hour?
No, I don't like to take a train during rush hour.
Do you like to take a train during rush hour?
No, I don't like to take a train during rush hour.
Is this train empty of people?
No, This train isn't empty of people.
Are there a few people on this train?
No, there aren't a few people on this train.
Are there a lot of people on this train?
Yes, there are a lot of people on this train.
Are there a lot of people on this train?
Is this train full of people?
Yes, this train is full of people.
How many people are there on this train?
There are a lot of people on this train.
How many people are there on this train?
How many people are there on this train?
There are a lot of people on this train.
Are you happy to be on this train now?
No, I'm not happy to be on this time now.
Why not?
Because there are a lot of people here.
Why aren't you happy to be on this train now?
I'm not happy to be on this train now. because there are a lot of people here.
Why aren't you happy to be on this train now?
I'm not happy to be on this train now because there are a lot of people here.
Is rush hour the time when many people go to work or home?
Yes, rush hour is the time when many people go to work or home.
What is rush hour?
Rush hour is the time when many people go to work or home.
Do you usually go to work during rush hour?
Yes, I usually go to work during rush hour.
What time do you usually go to work?
I usually go to work at 8 AM.
What time do you usually go to work?
Do you live in the street?
No, I don't live in the street.
Do you want to live in the street?
No, I don't want to live in the street.
Do you have a home?
Yes, I have a home.
Do you live in the street?
No, I don't live in the street
Why not?
Because I have a home?
Why don't you live in the street?
I don't live in the street because I have a home.
Do you like to live at your home?
Yes, I like to live at my home.
Do you have a bed in your home?
Yes, I have a bed in my room.
Do you sleep on the floor?
No, I don't sleep on the floor.
Why not?
Because I have a bed?
Why don't you sleep on the floor?
I don't sleep on the floor because I have a bed.
Why don't you sleep on the floor?
Do you usually go to bed early?
No, I don't usually go to bed early.
Do you usually go to bed late?
Yes, I usually go to bed late.
What time do you usually go to bed?
I usually go to bed at 12 o'clock midnight.
What time do you usually go to bed?
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
I usually get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Are you sometimes late for work?
Yes, I'm sometimes late for work
Do you like to be late for work?
No, I don't like to be late for work.
Are you happy when you are late for work?
No, I'm not happy when I'm late for work.
Are you happy when you are late for work?
Do you usually have light dinner or heavy dinner?
I usually have light dinner.
Is it healthy to eat a lot of heavy food before you go to sleep?
No, it's not healthy to eat a lot of heavy food Before I go to Sleep.
Is it very bad for you to eat a lot of heavy food before you go to sleep?
Yes, it's very bad for me to eat a lot of heavy food Before I go to Sleep.
Is there a little sugar in soda?
No, there isn't a little sugar in soda
Is there a lot of sugar in soda?
Yes, There is a lot of sugar in soda.
How much sugar is there in soda?
There is a lot of sugar in soda.
How much sugar is there in soda?
Why is it bad for you to drink a lot of soda?
It's bad for me to drink a lot of soda because there is a lot of sugar in it.
Why is it bad for you to drink a lot of soda?
It's bad for me to drink a lot of soda because there is a lot of sugar in it.
Is there a little salt in French fries?
No, there isn't a little salt in French fries.
Is there a lot of salt in French fries?
Yes, there is a lot of salt in French fries.
How much salt is there in French fries?
There is a lot of salt in French fries. Why is it bad for you to eat a lot of French fries?
It's bad for me to eat a lot of French fries because there is a lot of salt in them.
Why is it bad for you to eat a lot of French fries?
It's bad for me to eat a lot of French fries because there is a lot of salt in them.
Do you eat cereal for breakfast lunch and dinner?
I don't eat cereal for breakfast lunch and dinner.
Is it good for you to eat cereal for Breakfast, lunch and dinner?
No, it's not good for me to eat cereal for breakfast lunch dinner.
----‐------------------------------------------------------