Do you eat meat?
Yes, I eat meat.
Do you eat meat 2 o'clock in the morning?
No, I don't eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Is it good for you to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning?
No, it's not good for me to eat meet at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Is it bad for you to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning?
Yes, it's bad for me to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning.
Is it bad for you to eat meat at 2 o'clock in the morning?
Why don't you eat meat at night?
I don't eat meat at night because it's bad for me to eat meat at night.
Why don't you eat meat at night?
I don't eat meat at night because it's bad for me to eat meat at night.
Do they put sugar in French fries?
No, They don't put sugar in French fries.
Do they put salt in French fries?
Yes, they put salt in French fries.
What do they put in French fries?
They put salt in French fries.
What do they put in French fries?
What do they put in French fries?
They put salt in French fries.
Do they put a little salt in French fries?
No, they don't put a little salt in French fries.
Do they put a lot of salt in French fries?
Yes, They put a lot of salt in French fries.
How much salt do they put in French fries?
They put a lot of salt in French fries.
How much salt do they put in French fries?
Is a hamburger healthy?
No, a hamburger isn't healthy.
Are French fries healthy?
No, French fries aren't healthy.
Is this healthy food?
No, this isn't healthy food.
Is this junk food?
Yes, this is junk food.
Do you often go to the movies?
Yes, I often go to the movies.
Do you go to the movies everyday?
No, I don't go to the movies every day.
Do you eat junk food at the movie theatre?
Yes, I eat junk food at the movie theatre.
Do you eat healthy food at the movie theatre?
No, I don't eat healthy food at the movie theatre.
What food do you eat at the movie theatre?
I eat junk food at the movie theatre.
What food do you eat at the movie theatre?
I eat junk food at the movie theatre.
Do you go to the movie theatre to watch movies or to eat junk food?
I go to the movie theatre to watch movies.
Do you go to the movie theatre to watch movies or to eat junk?
I go to the movie theatre to watch movies.
Why do you go to the movie theatre?
I go to the movie theatre to watch movies.
Why do you go to the movie theatre?
Do you eat your junk food before the movie?
No, I don't eat my junk food before the movie.
Do you eat your junk food after the movie?
No, I don't eat my junk food after the movie.
Do you eat your junk food during the movie?
Yes, I eat my junk food during the movie.
When you go to the movie theatre when do you eat your junk food?
When I go to the movie theatre I eat my junk food during the movie.
When you go to the movie theatre when do you eat your junk food?
Do you get up at 2 AM every day?
No, I don't get up at 2 AM everyday.
Do you get up at 6 AM every day?
Yes, I get up at 6 AM every day.
What time do you get up everyday?
I get up at 6 AM everyday.
What time do you get up every day?
Do you sleep during the day?
No, I don't sleep during the day.
Do you sleep on the train?
No, I don't sleep on the train.
Do you usually have breakfast before you go to work?
Yes, I usually have breakfast before I go to work.
Do you usually have time to have breakfast before you go to work?
Yes, I usually have time to have breakfast before I go to work.
Do you have your breakfast before you get up?
No, I don't have my breakfast before I get up.
Do you have your breakfast after you get up?
Yes, I have my breakfast after I get up.
What time do you usually have Your breakfast?
I usually have my breakfast at 6:30 in the morning.
What time do you usually have your breakfast?
I usually have my breakfast at 6:30 in the morning.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
How do you like your cereal with milk or without it?
I like my cereal with milk.
Is cereal good for you in the morning?
Yes, cereal is good for me in the morning.
Why do you eat cereal in the morning?
I eat cereal in the morning because it's good for me.
Do you usually have dinner before work or after work?
I usually have dinner after work.
What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually eat a salad for dinner.
Is a salad healthy food?
Yes, a salad is healthy food.
Is a salad junk food?
No, a salad isn't junk food.
Light salad is good for you.
It's not junk.
It's healthy.
But too much of it of course.
What time do you usually have your dinner?
I usually have my dinner at 7 PM.
What time do you usually have your dinner?
Do you eat your dinner before or after you go to bed?
I eat my dinner before I go to bed.
Do you eat ever breakfast in bed?
No, I don't eat my breakfast in bed.
Do you drink coffee in bed before you get up?
No, I don't drink coffee in bed before I get up.
Do you usually put sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I usually put sugar in my coffee.
Do you put much sugar in your coffee?
No, I don't put much sugar in my coffee.
Do you put a little sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put a little sugar in my coffee
Do you like hamburgers?
Yes, I like hamburgers.
Do they put meat in the hamburgers?
Yes, They put meat in the hamburgers.
Do you like your hamburgers with or without meat?
I like my hamburgers with meat.
How do you like your hamburger?
I like my hamburger with meat.
Do you usually sleep a lot during the night?
No, I don't usually sleep a lot During the night.
Do you usually sleep a little during the night?
Yes, I usually sleep a little during the night.
What time do you usually get up?
I usually get up at 6 AM.
What time do you usually go to sleep?
I usually go to sleep at 12 o'clock midnight.
How long do you sleep at night?
I sleep for 6 hours at night.
How long do you sleep at night?
I sleep for 6 hours at night.
Is 6 hours of sleep a lot?
No, 6 hours of sleep isn't a lot.
Is 6 hours of sleep a little?
Yes, 6 hours of sleep is a little.
Is it good for you to sleep a little every night?
No, it's not good for me sleep a little will every night.
Is it healthy to sleep a little every night?
No, it's not healthy to sleep a little every night.
Sleep 6 to 8 hours every night.
Eat healthy.
And you'll be fine.
Is there a little sugar in soda?
No, there isn't a little sugar in soda.
Is there a lot of sugar in soda?
Yes, There is a lot of sugar in soda.
How much sugar is there in soda?
There is a lot of sugar in soda.
How much sugar is there in soda?
Why is it bad for you to drink a lot of soda?
It's bad for me to drink a lot of soda because there is a lot of sugar in it.
Why is it bad for you to drink a lot of soda?
It's bad for me to drink a lot of soda because there is a lot of sugar in it.
Is there a little salt in French fries?
No, there isn't a little salt in French fries.
Is there a lot of salt in French fries?
Yes, there is a lot of salt in French fries.
How much salt is there in French fries?
There is a lot of salt in French fries. Why is it bad for you to eat a lot of French fries?
It's bad for me to eat a lot of French fries because there is a lot of salt in them.
Why is it bad for you to eat a lot of French fries?
It's bad for me to eat a lot of French fries because there is a lot of salt in them.
Do you eat cereal for breakfast lunch and dinner?
I don't eat cereal for breakfast lunch and dinner.
Is it good for you to eat cereal for Breakfast, lunch and dinner?
No, it's not good for me to eat cereal for breakfast lunch dinner.
Do you usually go to bed early?
No, I don't usually go to bed early.
Do you usually go to bed late?
Yes, I usually go to bed late.
What time do you usually go to bed?
I usually go to bed at 12 o'clock midnight.
What time do you usually go to bed?
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
I usually get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Are you sometimes late for work?
Yes, I'm sometimes late for work.
Do you like to be late for work?
No, I don't like to be late for work.
Are you happy when you are late for work?
No, I'm not happy when I'm late for work.
Are you happy when you are late for work?
Do you usually have light dinner or heavy dinner?
I usually have light dinner.
Is it healthy to eat a lot of heavy food before you go to sleep?
No, it's not healthy to eat a lot of heavy food Before I go to Sleep.
Is it very bad for you to eat a lot of heavy food before you go to sleep?
Yes, it's very bad for me to eat a lot of heavy food Before I go to Sleep.
Is rush hour the time when many people go to work or home?
Yes, rush hour is the time when many people go to work or home.
What is rush hour?
Rush hour is the time when many people go to work or home.
Do you usually go to work during rush hour?
Yes, I usually go to work during rush hour.
What time do you usually go to work?
I usually go to work at 8 AM.
What time do you usually go to work?
Do you live in the street?
No, I don't live in the street.
Do you want to live in the street?
No, I don't want to live in the street.
Do you have a home?
Yes, I have a home.
Do you live in the street?
No, I don't live in the street.
Why not?
Because I have a home.
Why don't you live in the street?
I don't live in the street because I have a home.
Do you like to live at your home?
Yes, I like to live at my home.
Do you have a bed in your home?
Yes, I have a bed in my room.
Do you sleep on the floor?
No, I don't sleep on the floor.
Why not?
Because I have a bed.
Why don't you sleep on the floor?
I don't sleep on the floor because I have a bed.
Why don't you sleep on the floor?
Do you always get up happy in the morning?
No, I don't always get up happy in the morning.
Is it rush hour now?
Yes, it is rush hour now.
What time is it?
It is 8 o'clock in the morning.
Do you often take a train during rush hour?
Yes, I often take a train during rush hour.
Do you like to take a train during rush hour?
No, I don't like to take a train during rush hour.
Do you like to take a train during rush hour?
No, I don't like to take a train during rush hour.
Is this train empty of people?
No, This train isn't empty of people.
Are there a few people on this train?
No, there aren't a few people on this train.
Are there a lot of people on this train?
Yes, there are a lot of people on this train.
Are there a lot of people on this train?
Is this train full of people?
Yes, this train is full of people.
How many people are there on this train?
There are a lot of people on this train.
How many people are there on this train?
How many people are there on this train?
There are a lot of people on this train.
Are you happy to be on this train now?
No, I'm not happy to be on this time now.
Why not?
Because there are a lot of people here.
Why aren't you happy to be on this train now?
I'm not happy to be on this train now because there are a lot of people here.
Why aren't you happy to be on this train now?
I'm not happy to be on this train now because there are a lot of people here.
Too
Too late
Too early
a kitchen
A living room
A bathroom
A bedroom
To leave
To leave home
To leave for work
A Stomach
Room
A fridge
A dessert
A cake
A piece
A piece of cake
Do you sleep in the kitchen?
No, I don't sleep in the kitchen.
Are there any beds in your kitchen?
No, there aren't any beds in my kitchen?
Do you sleep in the living room?
No, I don't sleep in the living room.
Do you have a living room?
Yes, I have a living room.
Do you have a bathroom?
Yes, I have a bathroom.
How many bathrooms do you have?
I have one bathroom.
How many bathrooms do you have?
Do you sleep in the bathroom?
No, I don't sleep in the bathroom.
Do you want to sleep in the bathroom?
No, I don't want to sleep in the bathroom.
Are there any beds in your bathroom?
No, there aren't any beds in my bathroom.
Do you sleep in your bedroom?
Yes, I sleep in my bedroom.
Do you sleep on the floor or in your bed?
I sleep in my bed.
How many beds are there in your bedroom?
There is one bed in my bedroom.
How many beds are there in your bedroom?
Do you usually leave for work at 4 AM?
No, I don't usually leave for work at 4 AM.
What time do you usually leave for work?
I usually leave for work at 8 AM.
Are streets empty of people at 4 AM?
Yes, streets are empty of people at 4 AM.
Why?
Because people usually sleep at 4 AM.
Why are streets usually empty of people at 4 AM?
Streets are usually empty of people at 4 AM because people usually sleep at 4 AM.
Why are streets usually empty of people at 4 AM?
Is there a lot of traffic at 4 AM?
No, there isn't a lot of traffic at 4 AM.
Why not?
Because people usually sleep at the 4 am.
Is it too late for you to leave for work at 10 AM?
Yes, It's too late for me to leave for work at 10 AM.
If your work starts at 9.
You have to leave at 8.
Otherwise, you'll be late for work.
Do you have a Fridge?
Yes, I have a fridge.
How many fridges do you have?
I have one fridge.
How many fridges do you have?
Do you like your fridge?
Yes, I like my fridge.
Is your fridge light?
No, my fridge isn't light.
Is your fridge heavy?
Yes, my fridge is heavy.
Is there any food in your fridge?
Yes, there is some food in my fridge.
Is there a little food in your fridge now?
No, there isn't a little food in my fridge now.
Is there a lot of food in your fridge now?
Yes, there is a lot of food in my fridge now.
How much food is there in your fridge now?
There is a lot of food in my fridge now.
How much food is there in your fridge now?
Is the food in your fridge cold or hot?
The food in my fridge is cold.
Do you like to eat cold food from the fridge?
No, I don't like to eat cold food from the fridge.
Do you always have some food in your fridge?
No, I don't always have some food in my fridge.
Is it hot here now?
No, it's not hot here now.
Is it warm here now?
No, it's not warm here now.
Is it cool here now?
No, it's not cool here now.
Is it cold here now?
Yes, it's cold here now.
Do you like it when it's cold?
No, I don't like it when it's cold.
Do you like it when it's very hot?
No, I don't like it when it's very hot.
Do you like to sleep in your fridge? when it's very hot?
No, I don't like to sleep in my fridge when it's very hot.
Fridge is not a good idea.
Nothing is better than your comfy bed.
Is it hot in your fridge?
No, it's not hot in my fridge.
Is it cold in your fridge?
Yes, it's cold in my fridge.
Do you have a stomach?
Yes, I have a stomach.
How many stomachs do you have?
I have one stomach.
Is your stomach full now?
No, my stomach isn't full now.
Is your stomach empty now?
Yes, my stomach is empty now.
Is there room for a pizza in your stomach now?
Yes, there is room for a pizza in my
Stomach now.
Is there room for 10 big hamburgers in your stomach now?
No, there isn't room for 10 big hamburgers in my stomach now.
Is there too little room for 10 hamburgers in your stomach now?
Yes, there is too little room for 10 hamburgers in my stomach now.
Do you always eat a dessert after dinner?
No, I don't always eat a dessert after dinner.
Do you like to eat a piece of cake for dessert?
Yes, I like to eat a piece of cake for dessert.
How many pieces of cake do you usually eat for dessert?
I usually eat one piece of cake for dessert.
Is it good for your stomach to eat 5 big pieces of cake for dessert?
No, it's not good for my stomach to eat 5 big pieces of cake for dessert.
Is it too bad for your stomach to eat 5 big pieces of cake for dessert?
Yes, it's too bad for my stomach to eat 5 big pieces of cake for dessert.
Yeah, and then go to sleep.
Do you have a fridge in your bathroom?
No, I don't have a fridge in my bathroom.
Do you want to have a fridge in your bathroom?
No, I don't want to have a fridge in my bathroom.
Is there room for 10 fridges in your bathroom?
No, there isn't room for 10 fridges in my bathroom.
Are 10 slices of pizza and 3 pieces of cake light breakfast?
No, 10 slices of pizza and 3 pieces of cake aren't light breakfast.
Are 10 slices of pizza and 3 pieces of cake very heavy breakfast?
Yes, 10 slices of pizza and 3 pieces of cake are very heavy breakfast.
When you eat your lunch, do you always leave some room for dessert?
No, When I eat my lunch, I don't always leave some room for dessert.
When you eat your lunch, do you always leave some room for dessert?
----‐------------------------------------------------------