Are you going home now?
No, I'm not going home now.
Are you going to the restaurant?
No, I'm not going to the restaurant
Are you going to the grocery store?
No, I'm not going to the grocery store.
Are you going to work?
Yes, I'm going to work.
Where are you going?
I'm going to work.
What time is it?
It's 7:30 in the morning.
What time do you usually leave home in the morning?
I usually leave home at 7:10 AM.
What time do you usually leave home in the morning?
Are you taking a bus?
No, I'm not taking a bus.
Are you taking a train?
Yes, I'm taking a train.
How are you going to work?
I'm taking a train to work.
How are you going to work?
How are you going to work?
I'm taking a train to work.
Am I taking a train with you?
Yes, you are taking a train with me.
Am I holding a cup of coffee in my hand?
No, you aren't holding a cup of coffee in your hand.
Am I holding a piece of cake in my hand?
No, you aren't holding a piece of cake in your hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding a cup of coffee in my hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding a cup of coffee in my hand?
Are you thirsty?
Yes I'm thirsty?
Are you drinking water?
No, I'm not drinking water.
Are you drinking green tea?
No, I'm not drinking green tea.
Are you drinking black tea?
No, I'm not drinking black tea.
Are you drinking coffee with milk and sugar?
No, I'm not drinking coffee with milk and sugar.
Are you drinking black coffee
Yes, I'm drinking black coffee
What colour is your coffee?
My coffee is black.
How do you like your coffee: black or with milk?
I like my coffee black.
How do you like your coffee: black or with milk?
I like my coffee black.
Do you usually drink coffee when you're hungry?
No, I don't usually drink coffee when I'm hungry.
Do you usually drink coffee when you're thirsty?
No, I don't usually drink coffee when I'm thirsty.
Do you usually drink coffee when you want to sleep?
Yes, I usually drink coffee when I want to sleep.
When do you usually drink coffee?
I usually drink coffee when I want to sleep.
When do you usually drink coffee?
Is that a sandwich in your hand?
Yes, that's a sandwich in my hand.
Are you holding a sandwich in your hand?
Yes, I'm holding a sandwich in my hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding a sandwich in my hand.
Why?
Because I want to eat it.
Why are you holding that sandwich in your hand?
I'm holding this sandwich in my hand because I want to eat it.
Is there any cheese in that sandwich?
Yes, there is some cheese in this sandwich.
How many slices of cheese are there in that sandwich?
There are two slices of cheese in this sandwich.
Do you think this sandwich is gross?
No, I don't think this sandwich is gross.
Do you think this sandwich is tasty?
Yes, I think this sandwich is tasty.
Do you like to eat a sandwich with no cheese in it?
No, I don't like to eat a sandwich with no cheese in it.
Do you like to eat a sandwich with five slices of cheese in it?
Yes, I like to eat a sandwich with five slices of cheese in it.
How do you like your sandwich, with a lot of cheese in it, or with a little cheese in it?
I like my sandwich with a lot of cheese in it.
Is your sandwich black?
No, my sandwich isn't black.
Is your sandwich green?
No, my sandwich isn't green.
Is your sandwich blue?
No, My sandwich isn't blue.
Is your sandwich yellow?
Yes, my sandwich is yellow.
What colour is your sandwich?
My sandwich is yellow.
Is there some butter and some cheese in your sandwich?
Yes, there is some butter and some cheese in my sandwich.
Is there any meat in your sandwich?
No, there isn't any meat in my sandwich.
What's in your sandwich?
There is some butter and some cheese in my sandwich.
What's in your sandwich?
There is some butter and some cheese in my sandwich.
Do you sleep in the kitchen?
No, I don't sleep in the kitchen.
Are there any beds in your kitchen?
No, there aren't any beds in my kitchen?
Do you sleep in the living room?
No, I don't sleep in the living room.
Do you have a living room?
Yes I have a living room.
Do you have a bathroom?
Yes, I have a bathroom.
How many bathrooms do you have?
I have one bathroom.
How many bathrooms do you have?
Do you sleep in the bathroom?
No, I don't sleep in the bathroom.
Do you want to sleep in the bathroom?
No, I don't want to sleep in the bathroom.
Are there any beds in your bathroom?
No, there aren't any beds in my bathroom.
Do you sleep in your bedroom?
Yes, I sleep in my bedroom.
Do you sleep on the floor or in your bed?
I sleep in my bed.
How many beds are there in your bedroom?
There is one bed in my bedroom.
How many beds are there in your bedroom?
Do you usually leave for work at 4 AM?
No, I don't usually leave for work at 4 AM.
What time do you usually leave for work?
I usually leave for work at 8 AM.
Are streets empty of people at 4 AM?
Yes, streets are empty of people at 4 AM.
Why?
Because people usually sleep at 4 AM.
Why are streets usually empty of people at 4 AM?
Streets are usually empty of people at 4 AM because people usually sleep at 4 AM.
Why are streets usually empty of people at 4 AM?
Is there a lot of traffic at 4 AM?
No, there isn't a lot of traffic at 4 AM.
Why not?
Because people usually sleep at the 4 am.
Is it too late for you to leave for work at 10 AM?
Yes, It's too late for me to leave for work at 10 AM.
If your work starts at 9.
You have to leave at 8.
Otherwise, you'll be late for work.
Do you have a Fridge?
Yes, I have a fridge.
How many fridges do you have?
I have one fridge.
How many fridges do you have?
Do you like your fridge?
Yes, I like my fridge.
Is your fridge light?
No, my fridge isn't light.
Is your fridge heavy?
Yes, my fridge is heavy.
Is there any food in your fridge?
Yes, there is some food in my fridge.
Is there a little food in your fridge now?
No, there isn't a little food in my fridge now.
Is there a lot of food in your fridge now?
Yes, there is a lot of food in my fridge now.
How much food is there in your fridge now?
There is a lot of food in my fridge now.
How much food is there in your fridge now?
Is the food in your fridge cold or hot?
The food in my fridge is cold.
Do you like to eat cold food from the fridge?
No, I don't like to eat cold food from the fridge.
Do you always have some food in your fridge?
No, I don't always have some food in my fridge.
Do you usually drink a cup of coffee after you come to work?
Yes, I usually drink a cup of coffee after I come to work.
What do you usually drink after you come to work?
I usually drink a cup of coffee after I come to work.
How many cups of coffee do you drink after you come to work in the morning?
I drink one cup of coffee after I come to work in the morning.
How many cups of coffee do you drink after you come to work in the morning?
Do you like your coffee with milk, or without milk?
I like my coffee with milk.
Do you put any sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put some sugar in my coffee.
How do you like your coffee?
I like my coffee with milk and sugar.
How do you like your coffee?
Do you think coffee without milk and sugar is tasty?
No, I think coffee without milk and sugar isn't tasty.
Do you think coffee without milk and sugar is gross?
Yes, I think coffee without milk and sugar is gross.
Does coffee taste good to you with or without milk.
Coffee tastes good to me with milk.
How does coffee taste without milk?
Coffee tests bad without milk.
Are you thirsty now?
Yes, I'm thirsty now.
When you are thirsty, does it mean you want to drink some water?
Yes, when I'm thirsty, it means I want to drink some water.
When you are thirsty, does it mean you want to eat some food.
No ,when I'm thirsty, it doesn't mean I want to eat some food.
When you are thirsty, does it mean you want to watch a movie?
No, when I'm thirsty, it doesn't mean I want to watch a movie.
What does it mean when you are thirsty?
When I'm thirsty, it means I want to drink some water.
What does it mean when you are thirsty?
Do you like French fries?
Yes, I like French fries.
Is there usually a lot of salt in French fries?
Yes, there is usually a lot of salt in French fries.
Do French fries taste good without salt?
No, French fries don't taste good without salt.
How do French fries taste without salt?
French fries taste bad without salt.
How do French fries taste without salt?
French fries taste bad without salt.
Unfortunately.
with so much salt.
It's really bad junk food.
Are French fries junk food, or healthy food?
French fries are junk food.
Do you often eat junk food at the movie theatre?
Yes, I often eat junk food at the movie theatre.
Do you drink soda with it?
Yes, I drink soda with it.
What do you usually drink with your junk food at the movie theatre?
I usually drink soda with my junk food at the movie theatre.
Does junk food usually taste good, or bad?
Junk food usually tastes good.
How does junk food usually tastes?
Junk food usually tastes good.
Why do many people eat junk food?
Many people eat junk food because it tastes good.
Why do many people eat junk food?
Many people eat junk food because it tastes good.
It's a very bad habit.
And a very difficult one to quit.
Does it snow in summer?
No, it doesn't snow in summer.
Does it snow in Winter?
Yes, it snows in Winter.
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter?
When does it snow?
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter.
Is it snowing now?
No, it isn't snowing now.
Is it raining now?
No, it isn't raining now.
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is raining.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
Do you like to watch movies at home when it's raining?
Yes, I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
Is there a little grass here?
No, there isn't a little grass here.
Is there a lot of grass here?
Yes there is a lot of grass here.
Do you eat grass when you are very hungry?
No, I don't eat grass when I'm very hungry.
Do you think grass is tasty or gross
I think grass is gross?
Do you think grass tastes good with some sugar?
No, I don't think grass tastes good with some sugar.
Is grass with sugar your favourite food?
No, grass with sugar isn't my favourite food.
Does it rain in Spring?
Yes, it rains in Spring.
Does it rain in summer?
Yes, it rains in summer.
Does it rain in fall?
Yes, it rains in fall.
Does it sometimes rain in Winter?
Yes, sometimes it rains in Winter.
When does it rain?
It rains in Spring,summer,fall and sometimes in Winter.
Do you have your favourite season?
Yes, I have my favourite season.
What is your favourite season?
My favourite season is summer.
What is your favorite season?
Are there any trees in this park?
Yes, There are some trees in this park.
Are there a few trees in this park?
No, there aren't a few trees in this park.
Are there a lot of trees in this park.
Yes, there are a lot of trees in this park.
How many trees are there in this park?
There are a lot of trees in this park.
How many trees are there in this park?
Do you go for a run every morning?
No, I don't go for a run every morning.
Is it bad for you to go for a run every morning?
No, it's not bad for me to go for a run every morning.
Why don't you go for a run every morning?
I don't go for a run every morning because I don't always want to.
Why don't you go for a run every morning?
I don't go for a run every morning because I don't always want to.
Do you live in the park?
No, I don't live in the park.
Do you know people who live in the park?
No, I don't know people who live in the park.
Is it cold to live in the park in Winter.
Yes, it's cold to live in the park in Winter.
Are we walking?
No, we aren't walking.
Are we driving a car?
No, we aren't driving a car
Are we taking a train?
No, we aren't taking a train.
Are we eating your dinner?
No, we aren't eating my dinner.
Are we running?
Yes, we are running.
What are we doing?
We are running.
Where are we running?
We are running in the park.
Where are we learning?
Where are we running?
We are running in the park?
Is it Spring?
No, it isn't Spring.
Is it Winter?
No, it isn't Winter.
Is it fall?
No, it isn't fall.
Is it summer?
Yes, it is summer.
What color is Winter?
Winter is white.
What colour is fall?
Fall is yellow.
What colour is summer?
Summer is green.
How many seasons are there?
There are four seasons.
What are they?
They are Spring,summer,fall,Winter.
Which
To hang out
Open
Closed
To prefer
Once
Twice
Two times
Three times
Ten times
Once a day
Twice a month
Three times a night
How many times?
How many times a day?
Monday
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
Monday to Friday
A week
A work day
A weekend
Do you like sandwiches?
Yes, I like sandwiches.
Do you put cheese in your sandwiches?
Yes, I put cheese in my sandwiches.
Do you put grass in your sandwiches?
No, I don't put grass in my sandwiches.
Which do you prefer: a cheese sandwich or a grass sandwich?
I prefer a cheese sandwich.
Do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
Yes, I put a lot of cheese in my sandwich?
Why?
Because I like cheese.
Why do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
I put a lot of cheese in my sandwich because I like cheese.
Why do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
What is your favorite sandwich?
My favourite sandwich is a cheese sandwich.
Are you hungry now?
No, I am not hungry now.
Are you eating a cheese sandwich?
No, I am not eating a cheese sandwich.
Why not?
Because I am not hungry.
Why aren't you eating a cheese sandwich?
I'm not eating a cheese sandwich because I'm not hungry.
Why aren't you eating a cheese sandwich?
Do you like white bread?
Yes, I like white bread.
Do you like Brown bread?
Yes, I like Brown bread.
Which bread do you prefer white or Brown?
I prefer Brown Bread.
Are you at home watching a movie now?
No, I'm not at home watching a movie now.
Are you at work now?
Yes, I am at work now.
Is it Monday?
Yes, it's Monday.
What day is it?
It is monday.
What day is it?
Is Monday a work day?
Yes, Monday is a work day.
Do you go to work on work days?
Yes, I go to work on work days.
Do you hang out in the park on work days?
No, I don't hang out in the park on workdays.
Do you hang out at a movie theatre on workdays?
No, I don't hang out at a movie theater on work days.
Where do you go on workdays?
I go to work on work days.
Where do you go on workdays?
How many work days are there?
There are five work days.
How many workdays are there?
What are the work days?
The work days are Monday,Tuesday, Wednesday,Thursday and Friday.
Do you go to work six times a week?
No, I don't go to work 6 times a week.
Do you go to work twice a week?
No, I don't go to work twice a week.
Do you go to work five times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work five times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work ?
Do you go to work on weekends, too?
No, I don't go to work on weekends.
Do you want to go to work on weekends?
No, I don't want to go to work on weekends.
How many weekends are there?
There are two weekends
How many weekends are there?
What are they?
They are Saturday and Sunday.
How many days are there in a week?
There are 7 days in a week.
How many days are there in a week?
What are the 7 days of the week.
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
What are the 7 days of the week?
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
Do you eat 6 times a day?
No, I don't eat 6 times a day.
Do you eat only 3 times a week?
No, I don't eat only 3 times a week.
Do you eat 3 times a day?
Yes, I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
Do you prefer to eat healthy food or junk food for breakfast?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
Do you go grocery shopping when your fridge is empty?
Yes, I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Is your fridge full of food now?
No, my fridge isn't full of food now.
Is your fridge empty?
Yes, my fridge is empty.
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty?
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty.
Do you go to the movies when your fridge is empty?
No, I don't go to the movies when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Do you have your favourite grocery store?
Yes, I have my favorite grocery store.
Is it a big store or a small store ?
It's a big store.
Is your favourite grocery store closed on Saturdays and Sundays?
No, my favorite grocery store isn't close on Saturdays under Sundays.
Is your favourite grocery store open on Saturdays and Sundays?
Yes, My favourite grocery store is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on work days?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on workdays?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
I usually go grocery shopping 4 times a week.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
----‐------------------------------------------------------