Does it snow in summer?
No, it doesn't snow in summer.
Does it snow in Winter?
Yes, it snows in Winter.
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter?
When does it snow?
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter.
Is it snowing now?
No, it isn't snowing now.
Is it raining now?
No, it isn't raining now.
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is raining.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
Do you like to watch movies at home when it's raining?
Yes, I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
Is there a little grass here?
No, there isn't a little grass here.
Is there a lot of grass here?
Yes there is a lot of grass here.
Do you eat grass when you are very hungry?
No, I don't eat grass when I'm very hungry.
Do you think grass is tasty or gross
I think grass is gross?
Do you think grass tastes good with some sugar?
No, I don't think grass tastes good with some sugar.
Is grass with sugar your favourite food?
No, grass with sugar isn't my favourite food.
Does it rain in Spring?
Yes, it rains in Spring.
Does it rain in summer?
Yes, it rains in summer.
Does it rain in fall?
Yes, it rains in fall.
Does it sometimes rain in Winter?
Yes, sometimes it rains in Winter.
When does it rain?
It rains in Spring,summer,fall and sometimes in Winter.
Are we walking?
No, we aren't walking.
Are we driving a car?
No, we aren't driving a car
Are we taking a train?
No, we aren't taking a train.
Are we eating your dinner?
No, we aren't eating my dinner.
Are we running?
Yes, we are running.
What are we doing?
We are running.
Where are we running?
We are running in the park.
Where are we learning?
Where are we running?
We are running in the park?
Is it Spring?
No, it isn't Spring.
Is it Winter?
No, it isn't Winter.
Is it fall?
No, it isn't fall.
Is it summer?
Yes, it is summer.
What color is Winter?
Winter is white.
What colour is fall?
Fall is yellow.
What colour is summer?
Summer is green.
How many seasons are there?
There are four seasons.
What are they?
They are Spring,summer,fall,Winter.
Are you going home now?
No, I'm not going home now.
Are you going to the restaurant?
No, I'm not going to the restaurant
Are you going to the grocery store?
No, I'm not going to the grocery store.
Are you going to work?
Yes, I'm going to work.
Where are you going?
I'm going to work.
What time is it?
It's 7:30 in the morning.
What time do you usually leave home in the morning?
I usually leave home at 7:10 AM.
What time do you usually leave home in the morning?
Are you taking a bus?
No, I'm not taking a bus.
Are you taking a train?
Yes, I'm taking a train.
How are you going to work?
I'm taking a train to work.
How are you going to work?
How are you going to work?
I'm taking a train to work.
Am I taking a train with you?
Yes, you are taking a train with me.
Am I holding a cup of coffee in my hand?
No, you aren't holding a cup of coffee in your hand.
Am I holding a piece of cake in my hand?
No, you aren't holding a piece of cake in your hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding a cup of coffee in my hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding a cup of coffee in my hand?
Are you thirsty?
Yes, I'm thirsty?
Are you drinking water?
No, I'm not drinking water.
Are you drinking green tea?
No, I'm not drinking green tea.
Are you drinking black tea?
No, I'm not drinking black tea.
Are you drinking coffee with milk and sugar?
No, I'm not drinking coffee with milk and sugar.
Are you drinking black coffee
Yes, I'm drinking black coffee
What colour is your coffee?
My coffee is black.
How do you like your coffee: black or with milk?
I like my coffee black.
How do you like your coffee: black or with milk?
I like my coffee black.
Do you usually drink coffee when you're hungry?
No, I don't usually drink coffee when I'm hungry.
Do you usually drink coffee when you're thirsty?
No, I don't usually drink coffee when I'm thirsty.
Do you usually drink coffee when you want to sleep?
Yes, I usually drink coffee when I want to sleep.
When do you usually drink coffee?
I usually drink coffee when I want to sleep.
When do you usually drink coffee?
Are there any grocery stores on the street where you live?
Yes, There are some grocery stores on the street where I alive.
Do you often go grocery shopping?
No, I don't often go grocery shopping.
Do you go grocery shopping everyday?
No, I don't go grocery shopping every day.
Do grocery stores usually work at night?
No, grocery stores don't usually work at night.
Do grocery stores only work during the day?
Yes, Grocery stores only work during the day.
When do grocery stores usually work?
Grocery stores usually work during the day.
When do grocery stores usually work?
Why don't you go grocery shopping at night?
I don't go grocery shopping at night because grocery stores don't work at night.
Why don't you go grocery shopping at night?
Why don't you go grocery shopping at night?
I don't go grocery shopping at night because grocery stores don't work at night.
Are you hungry now?
Yes, I'm hungry now.
Is there room for food in your stomach now?
Yes, there is room for food in my stomach now.
When you are hungry, does it mean you want to eat?
Yes, when I'm hungry, it means I want to eat.
When you are hungry, does it mean you want to drink?
No, when I'm hungry it doesn't mean I want to drink.
When you are hungry does it mean you want to sleep?
No, when I'm hungry, it doesn't mean I want to sleep.
What does it mean when you are hungry?
When I'm hungry, it means I want to eat?
What does it mean when you are hungry?
When I'm hungry, it means I want to eat.
Do you prefer to eat healthy food or junk food for breakfast?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
Do you go grocery shopping when your fridge is empty?
Yes, I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Is your fridge full of food now?
No, my fridge isn't full of food now.
Is your fridge empty?
Yes, my fridge is empty.
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty?
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty.
Do you go to the movies when your fridge is empty?
No, I don't go to the movies when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Do you have your favourite grocery store?
Yes, I have my favorite grocery store.
Is it a big store or a small store ?
It's a big store.
Is your favourite grocery store closed on Saturdays and Sundays?
No, my favorite grocery store isn't close on Saturdays under Sundays.
Is your favourite grocery store open on Saturdays and Sundays?
Yes, My favourite grocery store is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on work days?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on workdays?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
I usually go grocery shopping 4 times a week.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
Do you go to work six times a week?
No, I don't go to work 6 times a week.
Do you go to work twice a week?
No, I don't go to work twice a week.
Do you go to work five times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work five times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work ?
Do you go to work on weekends, too?
No, I don't go to work on weekends.
Do you want to go to work on weekends?
No, I don't want to go to work on weekends.
How many weekends are there?
There are two weekends
How many weekends are there?
What are they?
They are Saturday and Sunday.
How many days are there in a week?
There are 7 days in a week.
How many days are there in a week?
What are the 7 days of the week.
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
What are the 7 days of the week?
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
Do you eat 6 times a day?
No, I don't eat 6 times a day.
Do you eat only 3 times a week?
No, I don't eat only 3 times a week.
Do you eat 3 times a day?
Yes, I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
Are you at home watching a movie now?
No, I'm not at home watching a movie now.
Are you at work now?
Yes, I am at work now.
Is it Monday?
Yes, it's Monday.
What day is it?
It is monday.
What day is it?
Is Monday a work day?
Yes, Monday is a work day.
Do you go to work on work days?
Yes, I go to work on work days.
Do you hang out in the park on work days?
No, I don't hang out in the park on workdays.
Do you hang out at a movie theatre on workdays?
No, I don't hang out at a movie theater on work days.
Where do you go on workdays?
I go to work on work days.
Where do you go on workdays?
How many work days are there?
There are five work days.
How many workdays are there?
What are the work days?
The work days are Monday,Tuesday, Wednesday,Thursday and Friday.
Do you like sandwiches?
Yes, I like sandwiches.
Do you put cheese in your sandwiches?
Yes, I put cheese in my sandwiches.
Do you put grass in your sandwiches?
No, I don't put grass in my sandwiches.
Which do you prefer: a cheese sandwich or a grass sandwich?
I prefer a cheese sandwich.
Do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
Yes, I put a lot of cheese in my sandwich?
Why?
Because I like cheese.
Why do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
I put a lot of cheese in my sandwich because I like cheese.
Why do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
What is your favorite sandwich?
My favourite sandwich is a cheese sandwich.
Are you hungry now?
No, I am not hungry now.
Are you eating a cheese sandwich?
No, I am not eating a cheese sandwich.
Why not?
Because I am not hungry.
Why aren't you eating a cheese sandwich?
I'm not eating a cheese sandwich because I'm not hungry.
Why aren't you eating a cheese sandwich?
Do you like white bread?
Yes, I like white bread.
Do you like Brown bread?
Yes, I like Brown bread.
Which bread do you prefer white or Brown?
I prefer Brown Bread.
Work to do
An idea
It's a good idea
Tired
Get tired
Get hungry
Get thirsty
A place
A place to live
A place to sleep
To stay
To stay home
To stay at work
Delivery
Food delivery
To order
To order food delivery
Great
Terrible
Free
Free time
To relax
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
Does it mean you come to work at 9 and leave work at 5?
Yes, it means I come to work at 9 and leave work at 5.
What time do you come to work?
I come to work at 9 AM.
What time do you leave work
I leave work at 5 PM?
Do you usually have time to eat during the work day?
Yes, I usually have time to eat during the work day.
Do you go to work 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 3 times near week.
Do you go to work 7 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 7 times a week
Do you go to work 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you like to work Monday to Friday?
Yes, I like to work Monday to Friday.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do on work days?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do on work days.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
Do you have any time to relax when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to relax when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to hang out with your friends when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to hang out with my friends when I have a lot of work to do.
Is it a great idea to go to the movies during the workday?
No, it's not a great idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Of course not.
You have work to do.
do it.
And when you're done.
enjoy your free time.
What's left of it.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Yes, it's a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Do you like to hang out at the movies only when you have free time?
Yes, I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live.
Do you live on the street?
No, I don't live on the street.
Is this the place where you live?
Yes, this is the place where I live.
Do you think your house is terrible?
No, I don't think my house is terrible.
Do you think your house is nice?
Yes, I think my house is nice.
Do you usually stay home on weekends?
Yes, I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
Do you like to eat at the restaurant?
Yes, I like to eat at the restaurant.
Do you have your favourite restaurant in this city?
Yes, I have my favourite restaurant in this city.
Does it work at night?
No, it doesnot work at night.
Does it only work during the day?
Yes, it only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
Do you have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you order a pizza delivery when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Do you stay hungry when you don't have time to go to the restaurant.
No, I don't stay hungry when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Is pizza your favorite food when you're hungry?
Yes, pizza is my favourite food when I'm hungry.
Is grass your favourite food when you're hungry?
No, grass isn't my favourite food when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
My favourite food is pizza when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
----‐------------------------------------------------------