Are we walking?
No, we aren't walking.
Are we driving a car?
No, we aren't driving a car
Are we taking a train?
No, we aren't taking a train.
Are we eating your dinner?
No, we aren't eating my dinner.
Are we running?
Yes, we are running.
What are we doing?
We are running.
Where are we running?
We are running in the park.
Where are we learning?
Where are we running?
We are running in the park?
Is it Spring?
No, it isn't Spring.
Is it Winter?
No, it isn't Winter.
Is it fall?
No, it isn't fall.
Is it summer?
Yes, it is summer.
What color is Winter?
Winter is white.
What colour is fall?
Fall is yellow.
What colour is summer?
Summer is green.
How many seasons are there?
There are four seasons.
What are they?
They are Spring,summer,fall,Winter.
Is there a little grass here?
No, there isn't a little grass here.
Is there a lot of grass here?
Yes there is a lot of grass here.
Do you eat grass when you are very hungry?
No, I don't eat grass when I'm very hungry.
Do you think grass is tasty or gross
I think grass is gross?
Do you think grass tastes good with some sugar?
No, I don't think grass tastes good with some sugar.
Is grass with sugar your favourite food?
No, grass with sugar isn't my favourite food.
Does it rain in Spring?
Yes, it rains in Spring.
Does it rain in summer?
Yes, it rains in summer.
Does it rain in fall?
Yes, it rains in fall.
Does it sometimes rain in Winter?
Yes, sometimes it rains in Winter.
When does it rain?
It rains in Spring,summer,fall and sometimes in Winter.
Does it snow in summer?
No, it doesn't snow in summer.
Does it snow in Winter?
Yes, it snows in Winter.
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter?
When does it snow?
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter.
Is it snowing now?
No, it isn't snowing now.
Is it raining now?
No, it isn't raining now.
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is raining.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
Do you like to watch movies at home when it's raining?
Yes, I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
Do you like sandwiches?
Yes, I like sandwiches.
Do you put cheese in your sandwiches?
Yes, I put cheese in my sandwiches.
Do you put grass in your sandwiches?
No, I don't put grass in my sandwiches.
Which do you prefer: a cheese sandwich or a grass sandwich?
I prefer a cheese sandwich.
Do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
Yes, I put a lot of cheese in my sandwich?
Why?
Because I like cheese.
Why do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
I put a lot of cheese in my sandwich because I like cheese.
Why do you put a lot of cheese in your sandwich?
What is your favorite sandwich?
My favourite sandwich is a cheese sandwich.
Are you hungry now?
No, I am not hungry now.
Are you eating a cheese sandwich?
No, I am not eating a cheese sandwich.
Why not?
Because I am not hungry.
Why aren't you eating a cheese sandwich?
I'm not eating a cheese sandwich because I'm not hungry.
Why aren't you eating a cheese sandwich?
Do you like white bread?
Yes, I like white bread.
Do you like Brown bread?
Yes, I like Brown bread.
Which bread do you prefer white or Brown?
I prefer Brown Bread.
Do you go to work six times a week?
No, I don't go to work 6 times a week.
Do you go to work twice a week?
No, I don't go to work twice a week.
Do you go to work five times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work five times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work ?
Do you go to work on weekends, too?
No, I don't go to work on weekends.
Do you want to go to work on weekends?
No, I don't want to go to work on weekends.
How many weekends are there?
There are two weekends
How many weekends are there?
What are they?
They are Saturday and Sunday.
How many days are there in a week?
There are 7 days in a week.
How many days are there in a week?
What are the 7 days of the week.
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
What are the 7 days of the week?
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
Do you eat 6 times a day?
No, I don't eat 6 times a day.
Do you eat only 3 times a week?
No, I don't eat only 3 times a week.
Do you eat 3 times a day?
Yes, I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
Do you prefer to eat healthy food or junk food for breakfast?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
Do you go grocery shopping when your fridge is empty?
Yes, I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Is your fridge full of food now?
No, my fridge isn't full of food now.
Is your fridge empty?
Yes, my fridge is empty.
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty?
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty.
Do you go to the movies when your fridge is empty?
No, I don't go to the movies when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Do you have your favourite grocery store?
Yes, I have my favorite grocery store.
Is it a big store or a small store ?
It's a big store.
Is your favourite grocery store closed on Saturdays and Sundays?
No, my favorite grocery store isn't close on Saturdays under Sundays.
Is your favourite grocery store open on Saturdays and Sundays?
Yes, My favourite grocery store is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on work days?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on workdays?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
I usually go grocery shopping 4 times a week.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
Do you like to eat at the restaurant?
Yes, I like to eat at the restaurant.
Do you have your favourite restaurant in this city?
Yes, I have my favourite restaurant in this city.
Does it work at night?
No, it doesnot work at night.
Does it only work during the day?
Yes, it only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
Do you have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you order a pizza delivery when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Do you stay hungry when you don't have time to go to the restaurant.
No, I don't stay hungry when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Is pizza your favorite food when you're hungry?
Yes, pizza is my favourite food when I'm hungry.
Is grass your favourite food when you're hungry?
No, grass isn't my favourite food when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
My favourite food is pizza when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
Do you have any time to relax when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to relax when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to hang out with your friends when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to hang out with my friends when I have a lot of work to do.
Is it a great idea to go to the movies during the workday?
No, it's not a great idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Of course not.
You have work to do.
do it.
And when you're done.
enjoy your free time.
What's left of it.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Yes, it's a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Do you like to hang out at the movies only when you have free time?
Yes, I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live.
Do you live on the street?
No, I don't live on the street.
Is this the place where you live?
Yes, this is the place where I live.
Do you think your house is terrible?
No, I don't think my house is terrible.
Do you think your house is nice?
Yes, I think my house is nice.
Do you usually stay home on weekends?
Yes, I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
Does it mean you come to work at 9 and leave work at 5?
Yes, it means I come to work at 9 and leave work at 5.
What time do you come to work?
I come to work at 9 AM.
What time do you leave work
I leave work at 5 PM?
Do you usually have time to eat during the work day?
Yes, I usually have time to eat during the work day.
Do you go to work 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 3 times near week.
Do you go to work 7 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 7 times a week
Do you go to work 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you like to work Monday to Friday?
Yes, I like to work Monday to Friday.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do on work days?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do on work days.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
" Special "
Can ( be able to )
I can speak English.
We can drink three bottles of whiskey in a few hours.
He can stay under water for 4 minutes.
She can cook a chocolate cake for the party.
Statrment: He can stay under water for 4 minutes.
Question: Can he stay under water for 4 minutes?
How long can he stay under water?
Where can he stay for 4 minutes?
Statement: She can cook a chocolate cake for the party.
Question: Can she cook a chocolate cake for party?
How many chocolate cakes can she cook for the party?
When can she cook a chocolate cake?
" Negative statements "
Cannot ( can't )
I can't stay under water for 10 minutes.
She can't cook 10 cakes in one hour.
A leaf
Leaves
To grow
Subway
To get to work
To get home
Homeless
An egg
Scrambled eggs
Rich
Poor
Money
Can
Can you drive a car?
Yes, I can drive a car.
Do you have a car to drive?
No, I don't have a car to drive.
If he had a car.
Why would he be taking the Subway.
Are you driving a car?
No, I'm not driving a car.
Are you in the Subway?
Yes, I'm in the Subway.
Where are you now?
I'm in the Subway.
Do you take the Subway to work every day?
Yes, I take the Subway to work every day.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Are you usually tired when you go to work?
No, I'm usually not tired when I go to the work.
Do you usually get very tired at work?
Yes, I usually get very tired at work.
Do you like to get very tired?
No, I don't like to get very tired.
Are you usually tired when you go home from work?
Yes, I'm usually tired when I go home from work.
Do you like to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I like to relax when I'm tired.
Do you like to work when you're very tired?
No, I don't like to work when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
Do you have your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I have my favourite place to relax when I'm tired.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
Are you homeless?
No, I am not homeless.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live
Do you have a place to live?
Do you know any people who don't have a place to live?
No, I don't know any people who don't have a place to live.
Do you live in the Subway?
No, I don't live in the Subway.
Why not?
Because I have a home.
So, why don't you live in the Subway?
I don't live in the Subway because I have a home.
Do you know any people who live in the Subway?
No, I don't know any people who live in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the subway?
No, there aren't any trees growing in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the park?
Yes, there are lot of trees growing in the park.
Are there any leaves on those trees?
Yes, there are some leaves on those trees.
What's on those trees?
There are leaves on those trees.
Are leaves blue in summer?
No, leaves aren't blue in summer.
Are leaves brown in summer?
No, leaves aren't brown in summer.
What color are leaves in summer?
Leaves are green in summer.
What color are leaves in summer?
Do leaves grow on the trees in Winter?
No, leaves don't grow on the trees in Winter.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow.
Why don't leaves grow on the trees in Winter?
Leaves don't grow on the trees in winter because it's too cold for them to grow.
Why don't leaves grow on the trees in Winter?
Leaves don't grow on the trees in winter because it's too cold for them to grow.
Do you like to eat Scrambled eggs for breakfast?
Yes, I like to eat scrambled eggs for breakfast.
How many eggs can you eat for breakfast?
I can eat three eggs for breakfast.
How many eggs can you eat for breakfast?
Is it healthy to eat 10 eggs a day?
No, it's not healthy to eat 10 eggs a day.
Although eggs are healthy.
too many of them isn't good for you.
Do you think this man has a place to live?
No, I think this man doesn't have a place to live.
Does it mean he is homeless?
Yes, it means he is homeless.
Do you think he is rich?
No, I don't think he is rich.
Do you think he is poor?
Yes, I think he is poor.
How do you know?
Because he lives in the subway.
How do you know that this man is poor?
I know that this man is poor because he lives in the subway.
Do you think you are rich?
No, I don't think I'm rich.
Why not?
Because I don't have money for a car.
So, why do you think you're not rich?
I think I'm not rich because I don't have money for a car.
Do you want to be rich?
Yes, I want to be rich.
Do you have a fridge in your kitchen?
Yes, I have a fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
I have one fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
Do you put food in your fridge?
Yes, I put food in my fridge.
Do you put grass and leaves in your fridge?
No, I don't put grass and leaves in my fridge.
What do you put in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Yes, I like it when my fridge is full of tasty food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
No, I don't like it when my fridge is full of gross food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
When your fridge is empty, do you go grocery shopping?
Yes, when my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
When my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
Can you go grocery shopping when you don't have any money?
No, I can't go grocery shopping when I don't have any money.
Can poor people go to the restaurant every day?
No, poor people can't go to the restaurant every day.
----‐------------------------------------------------------