Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
Do you like to eat at the restaurant?
Yes, I like to eat at the restaurant.
Do you have your favourite restaurant in this city?
Yes, I have my favourite restaurant in this city.
Does it work at night?
No, it doesnot work at night.
Does it only work during the day?
Yes, it only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
Do you have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you order a pizza delivery when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Do you stay hungry when you don't have time to go to the restaurant.
No, I don't stay hungry when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Is pizza your favorite food when you're hungry?
Yes, pizza is my favourite food when I'm hungry.
Is grass your favourite food when you're hungry?
No, grass isn't my favourite food when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
My favourite food is pizza when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
Do you have any time to relax when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to relax when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to hang out with your friends when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to hang out with my friends when I have a lot of work to do.
Is it a great idea to go to the movies during the workday?
No, it's not a great idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Of course not.
You have work to do.
do it.
And when you're done.
enjoy your free time.
What's left of it.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Yes, it's a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Do you like to hang out at the movies only when you have free time?
Yes, I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live.
Do you live on the street?
No, I don't live on the street.
Is this the place where you live?
Yes, this is the place where I live.
Do you think your house is terrible?
No, I don't think my house is terrible.
Do you think your house is nice?
Yes, I think my house is nice.
Do you usually stay home on weekends?
Yes, I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
Do you prefer to eat healthy food or junk food for breakfast?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
Do you go grocery shopping when your fridge is empty?
Yes, I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Is your fridge full of food now?
No, my fridge isn't full of food now.
Is your fridge empty?
Yes, my fridge is empty.
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty?
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty.
Do you go to the movies when your fridge is empty?
No, I don't go to the movies when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Do you have your favourite grocery store?
Yes, I have my favorite grocery store.
Is it a big store or a small store ?
It's a big store.
Is your favourite grocery store closed on Saturdays and Sundays?
No, my favorite grocery store isn't close on Saturdays under Sundays.
Is your favourite grocery store open on Saturdays and Sundays?
Yes, My favourite grocery store is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on work days?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on workdays?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
I usually go grocery shopping 4 times a week.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
Do you go to work six times a week?
No, I don't go to work 6 times a week.
Do you go to work twice a week?
No, I don't go to work twice a week.
Do you go to work five times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work five times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work ?
Do you go to work on weekends, too?
No, I don't go to work on weekends.
Do you want to go to work on weekends?
No, I don't want to go to work on weekends.
How many weekends are there?
There are two weekends
How many weekends are there?
What are they?
They are Saturday and Sunday.
How many days are there in a week?
There are 7 days in a week.
How many days are there in a week?
What are the 7 days of the week.
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
What are the 7 days of the week?
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
Do you eat 6 times a day?
No, I don't eat 6 times a day.
Do you eat only 3 times a week?
No, I don't eat only 3 times a week.
Do you eat 3 times a day?
Yes, I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
Are you at home watching a movie now?
No, I'm not at home watching a movie now.
Are you at work now?
Yes, I am at work now.
Is it Monday?
Yes, it's Monday.
What day is it?
It is monday.
What day is it?
Is Monday a work day?
Yes, Monday is a work day.
Do you go to work on work days?
Yes, I go to work on work days.
Do you hang out in the park on work days?
No, I don't hang out in the park on workdays.
Do you hang out at a movie theatre on workdays?
No, I don't hang out at a movie theater on work days.
Where do you go on workdays?
I go to work on work days.
Where do you go on workdays?
How many work days are there?
There are five work days.
How many workdays are there?
What are the work days?
The work days are Monday,Tuesday, Wednesday,Thursday and Friday.
Does it snow in summer?
No, it doesn't snow in summer.
Does it snow in Winter?
Yes, it snows in Winter.
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter?
When does it snow?
When does it snow?
It snows in Winter.
Is it snowing now?
No, it isn't snowing now.
Is it raining now?
No, it isn't raining now.
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
Do you like to go for a run when it is snowing?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is snowing.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
No, I don't like to go for a run when it is raining.
Do you like to go for a run when it is raining?
Do you like to watch movies at home when it's raining?
Yes, I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
I like to watch movies at home when it's raining.
What do you like to do when it's raining?
Is there a little grass here?
No, there isn't a little grass here.
Is there a lot of grass here?
Yes there is a lot of grass here.
Do you eat grass when you are very hungry?
No, I don't eat grass when I'm very hungry.
Do you think grass is tasty or gross
I think grass is gross?
Do you think grass tastes good with some sugar?
No, I don't think grass tastes good with some sugar.
Is grass with sugar your favourite food?
No, grass with sugar isn't my favourite food.
Does it rain in Spring?
Yes, it rains in Spring.
Does it rain in summer?
Yes, it rains in summer.
Does it rain in fall?
Yes, it rains in fall.
Does it sometimes rain in Winter?
Yes, sometimes it rains in Winter.
When does it rain?
It rains in Spring,summer,fall and sometimes in Winter.
Do you have your favourite season?
Yes, I have my favourite season.
What is your favourite season?
My favourite season is summer.
What is your favorite season?
Are there any trees in this park?
Yes, There are some trees in this park.
Are there a few trees in this park?
No, there aren't a few trees in this park.
Are there a lot of trees in this park.
Yes, there are a lot of trees in this park.
How many trees are there in this park?
There are a lot of trees in this park.
How many trees are there in this park?
Do you go for a run every morning?
No, I don't go for a run every morning.
Is it bad for you to go for a run every morning?
No, it's not bad for me to go for a run every morning.
Why don't you go for a run every morning?
I don't go for a run every morning because I don't always want to.
Why don't you go for a run every morning?
I don't go for a run every morning because I don't always want to.
Do you live in the park?
No, I don't live in the park.
Do you know people who live in the park?
No, I don't know people who live in the park.
Is it cold to live in the park in Winter.
Yes, it's cold to live in the park in Winter.
Do you think you are rich?
No, I don't think I'm rich.
Why not?
Because I don't have money for a car.
So, why do you think you're not rich?
I think I'm not rich because I don't have money for a car.
Do you want to be rich?
Yes, I want to be rich.
Do you have a fridge in your kitchen?
Yes, I have a fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
I have one fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
Do you put food in your fridge?
Yes, I put food in my fridge.
Do you put grass and leaves in your fridge?
No, I don't put grass and leaves in my fridge.
What do you put in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Yes, I like it when my fridge is full of tasty food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
No, I don't like it when my fridge is full of gross food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
When your fridge is empty, do you go grocery shopping?
Yes, when my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
When my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
Can you go grocery shopping when you don't have any money?
No, I can't go grocery shopping when I don't have any money.
Can poor people go to the restaurant every day?
No, poor people can't go to the restaurant every day.
Do you have your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I have my favourite place to relax when I'm tired.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
Are you homeless?
No, I am not homeless.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live
Do you have a place to live?
Do you know any people who don't have a place to live?
No, I don't know any people who don't have a place to live.
Do you live in the Subway?
No, I don't live in the Subway.
Why not?
Because I have a home.
So, why don't you live in the Subway?
I don't live in the Subway because I have a home.
Do you know any people who live in the Subway?
No, I don't know any people who live in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the subway?
No, there aren't any trees growing in the subway.
Can you drive a car?
Yes, I can drive a car.
Do you have a car to drive?
No, I don't have a car to drive.
If he had a car.
Why would he be taking the Subway?
Are you driving a car?
No, I'm not driving a car.
Are you in the Subway?
Yes, I'm in the Subway.
Where are you now?
I'm in the Subway.
Do you take the Subway to work every day?
Yes, I take the Subway to work every day.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Are you usually tired when you go to work?
No, I'm usually not tired when I go to the work.
Do you usually get very tired at work?
Yes, I usually get very tired at work.
Do you like to get very tired?
No, I don't like to get very tired.
Are you usually tired when you go home from work?
Yes, I'm usually tired when I go home from work.
Do you like to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I like to relax when I'm tired.
Do you like to work when you're very tired?
No, I don't like to work when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
To cook.
To make.
To make some tea.
To make money.
Fresh.
To buy.
To sell.
Need.
I need to sell my car.
Chocolate
A bar of chocolate.
Whole.
Really.
A banana.
A pineapple.
Good well.
Bad badly.
Can you cook?
Yes, I can cook.
Do you think you cook badly?
No, I don't think I cook badly.
Do you think you cook well?
Yes, I think I cook well.
Is your job to cook food?
Yes, my job is to cook food.
What is your job?
My job is to cook food.
Can you cook scrambled eggs Well?
Yes, I can cook scrambled eggs well.
Do you like bananas?
Yes, I like bananas.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
I can eat 2 bananas for lunch.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
Do you know a place where I can buy some bananas?
Yes, I know a place where you can buy some bananas.
Can I buy some bananas at a movie theatre?
No, you can't buy any bananas at a movie theatre.
Can I buy some bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, you can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Where can I buy some bananas?
You can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
Do bananas grow on trees?
Yes, bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
Bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
What colour are bananas?
Bananas are yellow.
Do bananas grow in Canada?
No, bananas don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't bananas grow in Canada?
Bananas don't grow in Canada. because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Bananas only grow in hot countries.
Canada is not hot by any means.
Can you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I can eat fresh bananas.
What about meat, can you eat fresh meat?
No, I can't eat fresh meat.
Do you need to cook your meat before you can eat it?
Yes, I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it?
I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it.
Is it a great idea to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not a great idea to eat fresh meat.
Is it good for you to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not good for me to eat fresh meat.
Is it really bad for you to eat fresh meat?
Yes, it's really bad for me to eat fresh meat.
Do you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I eat fresh bananas.
Do you need to cook bananas before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook bananas before I can eat them.
Do they sell pineapples in the Subway?
No, they don't sell pineapples in the Subway.
Do they sell pineapples at a movie theatre?
No, they don't sell pineapples at a movie theatre.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Yes, I know a place where they sell pineapples.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Where can I buy some pineapples?
You can buy some pineapples at a grocery store.
Do pineapples grow in Canada?
No, pineapples don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't pineapples grow in Canada?
Pineapples don't grow in Canada because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Do pineapples grow in Thailand?
Yes, pineapples grow in Thailand.
Is it too cold for them to grow there?
No, it's not too cold for them to grow there.
Do you need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
No, I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples.
Why not?
Because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Why do you not need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Do you need to cook pineapples before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook pineapples before I can eat them.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Yes, I can eat pineapples fresh.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Does chocolate grow on trees?
No, Chocolate doesn't grow on trees.
Do they make chocolate?
Yes they make chocolate.
Do you know how they make chocolate?
Yes, I know how they make chocolate.
Can you make chocolate?
No, I can't make chocolate.
Can you make chocolate?
Which is your favorite chocolate, Black, Milk, or white?
My favourite chocolate is milk.
Do you put any chocolate in your scrambled eggs?
No, I don't put any chocolate in my scrambled eggs.

Yuk. It's gross!
Do you like to eat some chocolate with a cup of tea?
Yes, I like to eat some chocolate with a cup of tea.
Can you eat only chocolate when you're really hungry?
No, I can't eat only chocolate when I'm really hungry.
Can you eat a whole bar of chocolate alone?
Are you eating a bar of chocolate now?
No, I'm not eating a bar of chocolate now.
Do you want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when you get home?
Yes, I want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when I get home.
Do you want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when you get home?
Yes, I want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when I get home.
Do you prefer to eat a whole bar of chocolate or a cheese sandwich for dinner?
I prefer to eat a cheese sandwich for dinner.
----‐------------------------------------------------------