Does chocolate grow on trees?
No, Chocolate doesn't grow on trees.
Do they make chocolate?
Yes they make chocolate.
Do you know how they make chocolate?
Yes, I know how they make chocolate.
Can you make chocolate?
No, I can't make chocolate.
Can you make chocolate?
Which is your favorite chocolate, Black, Milk, or white?
My favourite chocolate is milk.
Do you put any chocolate in your scrambled eggs?
No, I don't put any chocolate in my scrambled eggs.
Yuk. It's gross!
Do you like to eat some chocolate with a cup of tea?
Yes, I like to eat some chocolate with a cup of tea.
Can you eat only chocolate when you're really hungry?
No, I can't eat only chocolate when I'm really hungry.
Can you eat a whole bar of chocolate alone?
Are you eating a bar of chocolate now?
No, I'm not eating a bar of chocolate now.
Do you want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when you get home?
Yes, I want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when I get home.
Do you want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when you get home?
Yes, I want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when I get home.
Do you prefer to eat a whole bar of chocolate or a cheese sandwich for dinner?
I prefer to eat a cheese sandwich for dinner.
Do you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I eat fresh bananas.
Do you need to cook bananas before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook bananas before I can eat them.
Do they sell pineapples in the Subway?
No, they don't sell pineapples in the Subway.
Do they sell pineapples at a movie theatre?
No, they don't sell pineapples at a movie theatre.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Yes, I know a place where they sell pineapples.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Where can I buy some pineapples?
You can buy some pineapples at a grocery store.
Do pineapples grow in Canada?
No, pineapples don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't pineapples grow in Canada?
Pineapples don't grow in Canada because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Do pineapples grow in Thailand?
Yes, pineapples grow in Thailand.
Is it too cold for them to grow there?
No, it's not too cold for them to grow there.
Do you need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
No, I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples.
Why not?
Because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Why do you not need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Do you need to cook pineapples before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook pineapples before I can eat them.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Yes, I can eat pineapples fresh.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Can you cook?
Yes, I can cook.
Do you think you cook badly?
No, I don't think I cook badly.
Do you think you cook well?
Yes, I think I cook well.
Is your job to cook food?
Yes, my job is to cook food.
What is your job?
My job is to cook food.
Can you cook scrambled eggs Well?
Yes, I can cook scrambled eggs well.
Do you like bananas?
Yes, I like bananas.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
I can eat 2 bananas for lunch.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
Do you know a place where I can buy some bananas?
Yes, I know a place where you can buy some bananas.
Can I buy some bananas at a movie theatre?
No, you can't buy any bananas at a movie theatre.
Can I buy some bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, you can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Where can I buy some bananas?
You can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
Do you think you are rich?
No, I don't think I'm rich.
Why not?
Because I don't have money for a car.
So, why do you think you're not rich?
I think I'm not rich because I don't have money for a car.
Do you want to be rich?
Yes, I want to be rich.
Do you have a fridge in your kitchen?
Yes, I have a fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
I have one fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
Do you put food in your fridge?
Yes, I put food in my fridge.
Do you put grass and leaves in your fridge?
No, I don't put grass and leaves in my fridge.
What do you put in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Yes, I like it when my fridge is full of tasty food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
No, I don't like it when my fridge is full of gross food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
When your fridge is empty, do you go grocery shopping?
Yes, when my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
When my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
Can you go grocery shopping when you don't have any money?
No, I can't go grocery shopping when I don't have any money.
Can poor people go to the restaurant every day?
No, poor people can't go to the restaurant every day.
Can you drive a car?
Yes, I can drive a car.
Do you have a car to drive?
No, I don't have a car to drive.
If he had a car.
Why would he be taking the Subway.
Are you driving a car?
No, I'm not driving a car.
Are you in the Subway?
Yes, I'm in the Subway.
Where are you now?
I'm in the Subway.
Do you take the Subway to work every day?
Yes, I take the Subway to work every day.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Are you usually tired when you go to work?
No, I'm usually not tired when I go to the work.
Do you usually get very tired at work?
Yes, I usually get very tired at work.
Do you like to get very tired?
No, I don't like to get very tired.
Are you usually tired when you go home from work?
Yes, I'm usually tired when I go home from work.
Do you like to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I like to relax when I'm tired.
Do you like to work when you're very tired?
No, I don't like to work when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
Do you have your favourite season?
Yes, I have my favourite season.
What is your favourite season?
My favourite season is summer.
What is your favorite season?
Are there any trees in this park?
Yes, There are some trees in this park.
Are there a few trees in this park?
No, there aren't a few trees in this park.
Are there a lot of trees in this park.
Yes, there are a lot of trees in this park.
How many trees are there in this park?
There are a lot of trees in this park.
How many trees are there in this park?
Do you go for a run every morning?
No, I don't go for a run every morning.
Is it bad for you to go for a run every morning?
No, it's not bad for me to go for a run every morning.
Why don't you go for a run every morning?
I don't go for a run every morning because I don't always want to.
Why don't you go for a run every morning?
I don't go for a run every morning because I don't always want to.
Do you live in the park?
No, I don't live in the park.
Do you know people who live in the park?
No, I don't know people who live in the park.
Is it cold to live in the park in Winter.
Yes, it's cold to live in the park in Winter.
Is there a little grass here?
No, there isn't a little grass here.
Is there a lot of grass here?
Yes there is a lot of grass here.
Do you eat grass when you are very hungry?
No, I don't eat grass when I'm very hungry.
Do you think grass is tasty or gross
I think grass is gross?
Do you think grass tastes good with some sugar?
No, I don't think grass tastes good with some sugar.
Is grass with sugar your favourite food?
No, grass with sugar isn't my favourite food.
Does it rain in Spring?
Yes, it rains in Spring.
Does it rain in summer?
Yes, it rains in summer.
Does it rain in fall?
Yes, it rains in fall.
Does it sometimes rain in Winter?
Yes, sometimes it rains in Winter.
When does it rain?
It rains in Spring,summer,fall and sometimes in Winter.
Do you like to eat at the restaurant?
Yes, I like to eat at the restaurant.
Do you have your favourite restaurant in this city?
Yes, I have my favourite restaurant in this city.
Does it work at night?
No, it doesnot work at night.
Does it only work during the day?
Yes, it only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
Do you have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you order a pizza delivery when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Do you stay hungry when you don't have time to go to the restaurant.
No, I don't stay hungry when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Is pizza your favorite food when you're hungry?
Yes, pizza is my favourite food when I'm hungry.
Is grass your favourite food when you're hungry?
No, grass isn't my favourite food when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
My favourite food is pizza when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
This is my car
Her car is in the parking lot
His car is in the garage.
Whose car is this?
It's my (not) - It's mine.
His what?
Her what?
My --> mine
Do you have our umbrellas
I have mine; I don't have yours.
Yours --> your
Used with an obj used without obj
My --> Mine.
Your --> yours
His --> his
Her --> hers
Our --> ours
Their --> theirs
This is my sandwich =This sandwich is mine.
This is our house = This house is ours.
Those are their cars = Those cars are theirs.
Thank you!
You're welcome!
To ask.
To answer.
To thank.
To say.
To hate.
A girlfriend.
A boyfriend.
Awesome.
Chinese.
Italian.
From time to time.
Expensive.
Cheap.
Enough
Good enough.
Cheap enough.
Next.
Next time.
Take me to that restaurant!
Lily says: Thank you, Josh.
This restaurant is awesome.
She likes this restaurant.
She thinks it's an awesome restaurant.
Does Lily like this restaurant?
Yes, Lily like this restaurant.
Does Lily hate this restaurant?
No, Lily doesn't hate this restaurant.
What does Lily think of this restaurant?
Lily thinks this restaurant is awesome.
What does Lily think of this restaurant?
Lily thinks this restaurant is awesome.
How do you know?
Because she says that this restaurant is awesome.
How do you know that she likes this restaurant?
I know that she likes this restaurant because she says that it's awesome.
Who thinks this restaurant is awesome?
Lily thinks this restaurant is awesome.
Who thinks this restaurant is awesome?
Who likes this restaurant?
Lily likes this restaurant.
Who is Lily?
Lily is Josh's girlfriend.
Who is Lily?
Lily is Josh's girlfriend.
Whose girlfriend is Lily?
Lily is Josh's girlfriend.
Who is Josh?
Josh is Lily's boyfriend.
Who is Josh?
Josh is Lily's boyfriend.
Whose boyfriend is josh?
Joss is Lili's boyfriend.
Is it an Italian restaurant?
No, it's not an Italian restaurant.
Is it a Japanese restaurant?
No, it's not a Japanese restaurant.
Is it a Chinese restaurant?
Yes, it's a Chinese restaurant.
What restaurant is it?
It is a Chinese restaurant.
What restaurant is it?
It is a Chinese restaurant.
They just had a dinner at a Chinese restaurant.And Lily says Thank you ,Josh, this restaurant is awesome. She is thanking Josh for this awesome dinner In this awesome Chinese restaurant.
Is she thanking her mother?
No, she isn't thanking her mother.
She is she thanking the waiter?
No, she isn't thanking the waiter.
Is she thanking her boyfriend Josh?
Yes, she is thanking her boyfriend Josh.
What is she thanking him for?
She is thanking him for dinner.
What is she thanking him for?
What is she thanking him for?
She is thanking him for dinner.
Who is she thanking for dinner?
She is thanking Josh for dinner.
Who is she thanking for dinner?
Who is thanking Josh for dinner?
Lily is thanking Josh for dinner.
Who is thanking Josh for dinner?
She is thanking Josh for dinner.
She thinks this Chinese restaurant is awesome.Thank you, Josh.This restaurant is awesome.
And Josh answers
You're welcome, Lily. I like to eat at that restaurant from time to time. The food is good and it's not too expensive.
So, he says
You're welcome, Lily.
When people say thank you.
You answer
You're welcome.
What does josh answer?
Josh answers "you are welcome".
Do you answer "you're welcome" when people say thank you?
Yes, you answer "you're welcome" when people say "thank you".
What do you answer when people say "thank you"?
When people say "thank you", you answer "you're welcome".
What do you answer when people say "thank you"?
Who is thanking Josh?
Lily is thanking Josh.
Who is thanking Josh?
What is she thanking him for?
She's thanking Him for dinner.
What is she thanking him for?
What is she thanking him for?
She is thanking him for dinner.
What does Josh answer?
Josh answers "you're welcome".
He says,
You're welcome Lily.
I like to eat at that restaurant from time to time.The food is good and it's not too expensive. He likes to eat in that restaurant.
From time to time.
From time to time means. sometimes.
Not very often.
From time to time.
Does he go to that restaurant every day?
No, he doesn't go to that restaurant every day.
Does he go to the restaurant ten times a week?
No, he doesn't go to the restaurant ten times a week.
Does he go to that restaurant from time to time?
Yes, he goes to that restaurant from time to time.
How often does he go to that restaurant?
He goes to the restaurant from time to time.
How often does he go to that restaurant?
Does "from time to time" means every day?
No, from time to time doesn't mean every day.
Does "from time to time" means sometimes?
Yes, from time to time means sometimes.
What does "from time time" mean?
"From time to time" means "sometimes".
What does "from time to time" mean?
Does he hate to eat in that restaurant?
No, he doesn't hate to eat in that restaurant.
Does he like to eat in that restaurant?
Yes, he likes to eat in that restaurant.
How often does he like to eat in that restaurant?
He likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time.
How often does he like to eat in that restaurant?
How often does he like to eat in that restaurant?
He likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time.
Where does he like to eat from time to time?
He likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time.
Who likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time?
Josh likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time.
Who likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time?
He likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time.
Lily thanks him for the dinner
And Josh answers:
You're welcome, Lily.
I like to eat at that restaurant from time to time.The food is good and it's not too expensive.
He likes that restaurant.Because the food is good and it's not too expensive.The food is good and it's not too expensive.
Is the food terrible at this restaurant?
No, the food isn't terrible at this restaurant.
Is the food good at this restaurant?
Yes, the food is good at this restaurant.
How is the food at this restaurant?
The food is good at this restaurant.
Is it very expensive, too?
No, it's not very expensive.
Does it mean the food is cheap there?
No, it doesn't mean the food is cheap there.
Does it mean the food is cheap enough for him?
Yes, it means the food is cheap enough for him.
Why can Josh eat in that restaurant from time to time?
Josh can eat in that restaurant from time to time because the food is cheap enough for him.
Is it too expensive for him to eat there everyday?
Yes, it's too expensive for him to eat there every day.
Why doesn't he go to that restaurant everyday?
He doesn't go to the restaurant every day because it's too expensive
Why doesn't he go to that restaurant every day?
He doesn't go to the restaurant every day because it's too expensive
I like to eat at that restaurant from time to time.
That food is good and it's not too expensive.
But next time I want to take you to that Italian place.
He wants to take her to that Italian place to that Italian restaurant next time.
Does he want to take her to the Japanese place next time?
No, he doesn't want to take her to the Japanese place next time.
Does he want to take her to the Chinese place next time?
No, he doesn't want to take her to the Chinese place next time.
Where does he want to take her next time?
He wants to take her to the Italian place next time.
Where does he want to take her next time?
He wants to take her to the Italian place next time.
Italian place means Italian restaurant.
She wants to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
Who wants to take Lily to the Italian restaurant next time?
Josh wants to take Lily to the Italian restaurant next time.
Who wants to take Lily to the Italian restaurant next time?
Whose girlfriend is Lily?
Lily is Josh's girlfriend.
Who does Josh want to take to the Italian restaurant next time?
Josh wants to take his girlfriend Lily to the Italian restaurant next time.
Who does Josh want to take to the Italian restaurant next time?
Who does Josh want to take to the Italian restaurant next time?
Jose wants to take his girlfriend Lily to the Italian restaurant next time.
When does he want to take her to the Italian restaurant?
He wants to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
You're welcome, Lily.
I like to eat at that restaurant from time to time.The food is good and it's not too expensive.
But next time I want to take you to that Italian place.
And Lily answers: good idea.
So, she likes that idea.
She wants Josh to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
What does Lily answer?
Lily answers "Good idea".
Does she like Josh's idea?
Yes, she likes Josh's idea.
Does she want him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time?
Yes, she wants him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
Deos she want him to take her to the Japanese restaurant next time?
No, she doesn't want him to take her to the Japanese restaurant next time.
Does she want him to take her to the Chinese restaurant next time?
No, she doesn't want him to take her to the Chinese restaurant next time.
Where does she want him to take her next time?
She wants him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
Where does she want him to take her next time?
She wants him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
----‐------------------------------------------------------