Do you prefer to eat healthy food or junk food for breakfast?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
Do you go grocery shopping when your fridge is empty?
Yes, I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Is your fridge full of food now?
No, my fridge isn't full of food now.
Is your fridge empty?
Yes, my fridge is empty.
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty?
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty.
Do you go to the movies when your fridge is empty?
No, I don't go to the movies when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Do you have your favourite grocery store?
Yes, I have my favorite grocery store.
Is it a big store or a small store ?
It's a big store.
Is your favourite grocery store closed on Saturdays and Sundays?
No, my favorite grocery store isn't close on Saturdays under Sundays.
Is your favourite grocery store open on Saturdays and Sundays?
Yes, My favourite grocery store is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on work days?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on workdays?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
I usually go grocery shopping 4 times a week.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
Does it mean you come to work at 9 and leave work at 5?
Yes, it means I come to work at 9 and leave work at 5.
What time do you come to work?
I come to work at 9 AM.
What time do you leave work
I leave work at 5 PM?
Do you usually have time to eat during the work day?
Yes, I usually have time to eat during the work day.
Do you go to work 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 3 times near week.
Do you go to work 7 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 7 times a week
Do you go to work 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you like to work Monday to Friday?
Yes, I like to work Monday to Friday.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do on work days?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do on work days.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
Can you drive a car?
Yes, I can drive a car.
Do you have a car to drive?
No, I don't have a car to drive.
If he had a car.
Why would he be taking the Subway.
Are you driving a car?
No, I'm not driving a car.
Are you in the Subway?
Yes, I'm in the Subway.
Where are you now?
I'm in the Subway.
Do you take the Subway to work every day?
Yes, I take the Subway to work every day.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Are you usually tired when you go to work?
No, I'm usually not tired when I go to the work.
Do you usually get very tired at work?
Yes, I usually get very tired at work.
Do you like to get very tired?
No, I don't like to get very tired.
Are you usually tired when you go home from work?
Yes, I'm usually tired when I go home from work.
Do you like to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I like to relax when I'm tired.
Do you like to work when you're very tired?
No, I don't like to work when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
Do you have your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I have my favourite place to relax when I'm tired.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
Are you homeless?
No, I am not homeless.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live
Do you have a place to live?
Do you know any people who don't have a place to live?
No, I don't know any people who don't have a place to live.
Do you live in the Subway?
No, I don't live in the Subway.
Why not?
Because I have a home.
So, why don't you live in the Subway?
I don't live in the Subway because I have a home.
Do you know any people who live in the Subway?
No, I don't know any people who live in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the subway?
No, there aren't any trees growing in the subway.
Do you think you are rich?
No, I don't think I'm rich.
Why not?
Because I don't have money for a car.
So, why do you think you're not rich?
I think I'm not rich because I don't have money for a car.
Do you want to be rich?
Yes, I want to be rich.
Do you have a fridge in your kitchen?
Yes, I have a fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
I have one fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
Do you put food in your fridge?
Yes, I put food in my fridge.
Do you put grass and leaves in your fridge?
No, I don't put grass and leaves in my fridge.
What do you put in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Yes, I like it when my fridge is full of tasty food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
No, I don't like it when my fridge is full of gross food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
When your fridge is empty, do you go grocery shopping?
Yes, when my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
When my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
Can you go grocery shopping when you don't have any money?
No, I can't go grocery shopping when I don't have any money.
Can poor people go to the restaurant every day?
No, poor people can't go to the restaurant every day.
Can you cook?
Yes, I can cook.
Do you think you cook badly?
No, I don't think I cook badly.
Do you think you cook well?
Yes, I think I cook well.
Is your job to cook food?
Yes, my job is to cook food.
What is your job?
My job is to cook food.
Can you cook scrambled eggs Well?
Yes, I can cook scrambled eggs well.
Do you like bananas?
Yes, I like bananas.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
I can eat 2 bananas for lunch.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
Do you know a place where I can buy some bananas?
Yes, I know a place where you can buy some bananas.
Can I buy some bananas at a movie theatre?
No, you can't buy any bananas at a movie theatre.
Can I buy some bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, you can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Where can I buy some bananas?
You can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
Do bananas grow on trees?
Yes, bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
Bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
What colour are bananas?
Bananas are yellow.
Do bananas grow in Canada?
No, bananas don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't bananas grow in Canada?
Bananas don't grow in Canada. because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Bananas only grow in hot countries.
Canada is not hot by any means.
Can you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I can eat fresh bananas.
What about meat, can you eat fresh meat?
No, I can't eat fresh meat.
Do you need to cook your meat before you can eat it?
Yes, I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it?
I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it.
Is it a great idea to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not a great idea to eat fresh meat.
Is it good for you to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not good for me to eat fresh meat.
Is it really bad for you to eat fresh meat?
Yes, it's really bad for me to eat fresh meat.
Do you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I eat fresh bananas.
Do you need to cook bananas before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook bananas before I can eat them.
Do they sell pineapples in the Subway?
No, they don't sell pineapples in the Subway.
Do they sell pineapples at a movie theatre?
No, they don't sell pineapples at a movie theatre.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Yes, I know a place where they sell pineapples.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Where can I buy some pineapples?
You can buy some pineapples at a grocery store.
Do pineapples grow in Canada?
No, pineapples don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't pineapples grow in Canada?
Pineapples don't grow in Canada because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Do pineapples grow in Thailand?
Yes, pineapples grow in Thailand.
Is it too cold for them to grow there?
No, it's not too cold for them to grow there.
Do you need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
No, I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples.
Why not?
Because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Why do you not need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Do you need to cook pineapples before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook pineapples before I can eat them.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Yes, I can eat pineapples fresh.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
The weather
How is the weather?
To drive one crazy
You drive me crazy!
The weather is driving me crazy!
To love
To start
It's starting to rain
Lately
Right
Wrong
About
To predict
Predictable
Unpredictable
An umbrella
Back in the restaurant
Probably
Exactly
I don't know exactly
Wet
To Get wet
Dry
To Get dry
It's raining hard
It's raining really hard
To tell
To give
Thank you, Josh, this restaurant is awesome.
You're welcome, Lilly.
I like to eat at that restaurant from time to time.
The food is good and it's not too expensive.
But next time I want to take you to that Italian place.
Good idea.
Does Josh like this Chinese restaurant?
Yes, Jose likes this Chinese restaurant.
Does he think it's terrible?
No, he doesn't think it's terrible.
Does he think it's awesome?
Yes, he thinks it's awesome.
What do you answer when people say "thank you"?
When people say "thank you", you answer "you're welcome".
Is this restaurant cheap enough for Josh to eat there from time to time?
Yes, this restaurant is cheap enough for jokes to eat there from time to time.
How's the food there?
The food is good there.
Where does he want to take Lily next time?
He wants to take Lily to the Italian restaurant next time.
Does she want him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time?
Yes, she wants him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
Where does she want him to take her next time?
She wants him to take her to the Italian restaurant next time.
Uh-oh, it's starting to rain.
It's starting to rain.
Is it raining now?
Yes, it is raining now.
Is it snowing now?
No, it isn't snowing now.
Is the weather nice now?
No, the weather isn't nice now.
How's the weather?
It's raining.
How's the weather?
How's the weather?
It's raining.
Is it a good weather to go for a walk without an umbrella?
No, it's not a good weather to go for a walk without an umbrella.
Is it a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella?
Yes, it's a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why is it a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella?
It's a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella because it's raining.
Why is it a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella?
It's starting to rain.
Uh-Oh, it's starting to rain.
The weather is driving me crazy lately.
The weather is driving her crazy lately.
It means that lately the weather is terrible and she hates it.
The weather is driving her crazy.
Does she like the weather lately?
No, she doesn't like the weather lately.
How do you know?
Because she says that the weather is driving her crazy lately.
How do you know that she doesn't like the weather lately?
I know that she doesn't like the weather lately because she says that the weather is driving her crazy lately.
Does it mean she hates this weather?
Yes, it means she hates this weather.
Does Lily like it when it's raining?
No, Lily doesn't like it when it's raining.
Does Lily like it when it's raining?
Does Lily hate it when it's raining?
Yes, Lily hates it when it's raining.
Is Josh driving her crazy lately?
No, Josh isn't driving her crazy lately.
Is Chinese food driving her crazy lately.
No, Chinese food isn't driving her crazy lately.
Is Italian food driving her crazy lately?
No, Italian food isn't driving her crazy lately.
What is driving her crazy lately?
No, Italian food isn't driving her crazy lately.
What is driving her crazy lately?
The weather is driving her crazy lately.
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
It's raining It's starting to rain now. And Lily doesn't like it The weather is driving her crazy. Uh-Oh it's starting to rain The weather is driving me crazy lately And Joe's answers Yeah you're right The weather is really unpredictable He thinks Lily is right about the weather.
He thinks this weather is terrible.
He says.
Yeah you're right.
Does Josh think this weather is nice?
No, Josh doesn't think this weather is nice.
The josh think Lily is wrong about the weather?
No, Josh doesn't think Lily is wrong about the weather.
Does he think she is right about the weather?
Yes, he thinks she is right about the weather.
What does he think Lily is right about?
He thinks Lily is right about the weather.
Does Josh like it when it's raining?
No, Josh doesn't like it when it's raining.
He doesn't like it.
He thinks Lily is right about the weather.
Yeah, you're right.
The weather is really unpredictable.
He says that the weather is really unpredictable lately.
When the weather is unpredictable.
It means you can't predict it.
Now it's raining in 1 minute it's not.
Next minute it's raining in 2 minutes it's not.
The weather is unpredictable.
The weather is really unpredictable.
Does he think the weather is predictable lately?
No, he doesn't think the weather is predictable lately.
Does he think the weather is unpredictable lately?
Yes, he thinks the weather is unpredictable lately.
When the weather is unpredictable, does it mean you can't predict it
Yes, when the weather is unpredictable, it means you can't predict it.
What does it mean when the weather is unpredictable?
When the weather is unpredictable, it means you can't predict it.
What does it mean when the weather is unpredictable?
Can Josh predict the weather?
No, Josh can't predict the weather.
Why not?
Because it's unpredictable.
Can Lily predict the weather?
No, Lily can't predict the weather.
Why can't Lily predict the weather?
Lily can't predict the weather because it's unpredictable.
Who is this weather driving crazy?
This weather is driving Lily crazy.
Does it mean she loves this weather, or hates it?
It means she hates it.
It's an unpredictable weather.
She doesn't like it.
It's driving her crazy
She wants her umbrella.
So she asks.
Do you have our umbrellas, Josh?
She thinks Josh has her and his umbrellas.
Does she think Josh has their umbrellas?
Yes, she thinks Josh has their umbrellas.
What does she think Josh has?
She thinks Josh has their umbrellas.
Do they need their umbrellas now?
Yes, They need their umbrellas now.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why do they need their umbrellas?
They need their umbrellas because it's raining.
Can they get wet in the rain without their umbrellas?
Yes they can get wet in the rain without their umbrellas.
Who thinks Josh has their umbrellas?
Lily thinks Josh has their umbrellas.
Does it mean that Lily doesn't have hers?
Yes, it means that Lily doesn't have hers.
She doesn't have hers.
She hopes that Josh has hers.
So, she asks.
Do you have our umbrellas, Josh?
And Josh answers.
I have mine. I don't have yours.
Josh has his umbrella.He doesn't have hers.
Does Josh have two umbrellas?
No, Josh doesn't have two umbrellas.
Does Josh have only one umbrella?
Yes, Josh has only one umbrella.
How many umbrellas does Josh have?
Josh has only one umbrella.
How many umbrellas does Josh have?
Whose umbrella does he have?
He has his umbrella.
Does he have hers?
No, he doesn't have hers.
Whose umbrella does he not have?
He doesn't have Lily's umbrella.
Do you have our umbrellas, Josh?
I have mine.I don't have yours.
Lily doesn't like this answer.
She says.
You don't have mine?
Where is mine?
And Josh answers.
I dont know.It's probably back in the restaurant.
Does Josh know where his umbrella is?
Yes, Josh Knows where his umbrella is.
Is he holding his umbrella in his hand now?
Yes, he is holding his umbrella in his hand now.
Whose umbrella is he holding in his hand now?
He is holding his umbrella in his hand now.
Does he know where hers is?
No, he doesn't know where hers is.
He says.
I don't know. It's probably back in the restaurant.
Probably.
He doesn't know exactly. But he thinks that her umbrella is probably back in the restaurant.
Where they came from.
Does he know exactly where her umbrella is?
No, he doesn't know exactly where her umbrella is.
Does he think it's probably back home?
No, he doesn't think it's probably back home.
Does he think it's probably back on the Subway?
No, he doesn't think it's probably back on the subway.
Does he think her umbrella is probably back in the restaurant?
Yes, he thinks her umbrella is probably back in the restaurant.
When he says "probably back in the restaurant", does it mean he knows exactly where it is?
No, when he says "probably back in the restaurant", it means he doesn't know exactly where it is.
When you don't know exactly.
You say "probably".
It's probably back in the restaurant.
Maybe in the restaurant.
Maybe not.
Meanwhile.
Lily is getting wet in the rain.
She says.
Josh, I'm getting all wet!
Is she getting all dry in the rain?
No, she isn't getting all dry in the rain.
Is she getting all wet?
Yes, she is getting all wet.
Why?
Because it's raining and she doesn't have her umbrella.
Why is she getting all wet?
She is getting all wet because it's raining and she doesn't have her umbrella.
Why is she getting all wet?
Is she getting a little wet?
No, she isn't getting a little wet.
Is she getting all wet?
Yes, she is getting all wet.
Is Josh holding her umbrella?
No, Josh isn't holding her umbrella.
Whose umbrella is he holding?
He is holding his umbrella.
Where is hers?
Hers is probably back in the restaurant.
Where is hers?
Hers is probably back in the restaurant.
Why isn't she holding her umbrella?
She isn't holding her umbrella because it's probably back in the restaurant.
Why is she getting all wet?
She is getting all wet because she doesn't have her umbrella.
The weather is very unpredictable.
It's raining now.
Josh got his umbrella.
He is dry.
He isn't getting wet.
And Lily is getting all wet.
Because Josh thinks her umbrella is probably back in the restaurant.
It's probably back in the restaurant.
Josh, I'm getting all wet.
And Josh answers:
Hmm, yes, you are!
And now it's raining really hard.
Is it raining a little?
No, it isn't raining a little.
Is it raining really hard now?
Yes it's raining really hard now.
How is it raining?
It's raining really hard.
How's the weather now?
It's raining really hard now.
How's the weather now?
Is Josh getting all wet now?
No, Josh isn't getting all wet now.
Why not?
Because he has his umbrella.
Who is getting all wet now?
Lily is getting all wet now.
Why?
Because she doesn't have her umbrella and it's raining really hard now.
Why is Lily getting all wet?
Lily is getting all wet because she doesn't have her umbrella and it's raining really hard.
Where is her umbrella?
Her umbrella is probably back in the restaurant.
It's probably back in the restaurant.
And she is standing here getting all wet because it's raining really hard.
Josh, I'm getting all wet.
Josh doesn't seem to care.
Hmm, yes, you are!
And now it's raining really hard.
To which Lily responds.
Josh, GIVE ME YOUR UMBRELLA!
Does she want Josh to give her his umbrella?
Yes, she wants Josh to give her his umbrella.
What does she want Josh to give her?
She wants Josh to give her his umbrella.
What does she want Josh to give her?
Does she like to get wet in the rain?
No, she doesn't like to get wet in the rain.
Why does she want Josh to give her his umbrella?
She wants Josh to give her his umbrella because she doesn't like to get wet in the rain.
Is Lily asking Josh to give her his umbrella?
No, Lily isn't asking Josh to give her his umbrella.
He is Lily telling Josh to give her his umbrella?
Yes, Lily is telling Josh to give her his umbrella.
What is she telling Josh to do?
She is telling Josh to give her his umbrella.
Yeah, let him get wet.
If he doesn't like it. He can go back to the restaurant to get her umbrella.
Meanwhile.
Be a gentleman and give the lady your umbrella.
----‐------------------------------------------------------