Do you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I eat fresh bananas.
Do you need to cook bananas before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook bananas before I can eat them.
Do they sell pineapples in the Subway?
No, they don't sell pineapples in the Subway.
Do they sell pineapples at a movie theatre?
No, they don't sell pineapples at a movie theatre.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Yes, I know a place where they sell pineapples.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Where can I buy some pineapples?
You can buy some pineapples at a grocery store.
Do pineapples grow in Canada?
No, pineapples don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't pineapples grow in Canada?
Pineapples don't grow in Canada because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Do pineapples grow in Thailand?
Yes, pineapples grow in Thailand.
Is it too cold for them to grow there?
No, it's not too cold for them to grow there.
Do you need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
No, I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples.
Why not?
Because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Why do you not need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Do you need to cook pineapples before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook pineapples before I can eat them.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Yes, I can eat pineapples fresh.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Do bananas grow on trees?
Yes, bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
Bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
What colour are bananas?
Bananas are yellow.
Do bananas grow in Canada?
No, bananas don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't bananas grow in Canada?
Bananas don't grow in Canada. because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Bananas only grow in hot countries.
Canada is not hot by any means.
Can you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I can eat fresh bananas.
What about meat, can you eat fresh meat?
No, I can't eat fresh meat.
Do you need to cook your meat before you can eat it?
Yes, I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it?
I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it.
Is it a great idea to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not a great idea to eat fresh meat.
Is it good for you to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not good for me to eat fresh meat.
Is it really bad for you to eat fresh meat?
Yes, it's really bad for me to eat fresh meat.
Can you cook?
Yes, I can cook.
Do you think you cook badly?
No, I don't think I cook badly.
Do you think you cook well?
Yes, I think I cook well.
Is your job to cook food?
Yes, my job is to cook food.
What is your job?
My job is to cook food.
Can you cook scrambled eggs Well?
Yes, I can cook scrambled eggs well.
Do you like bananas?
Yes, I like bananas.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
I can eat 2 bananas for lunch.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
Do you know a place where I can buy some bananas?
Yes, I know a place where you can buy some bananas.
Can I buy some bananas at a movie theatre?
No, you can't buy any bananas at a movie theatre.
Can I buy some bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, you can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Where can I buy some bananas?
You can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
Do you prefer to eat healthy food or junk food for breakfast?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
I prefer to eat healthy food for breakfast.
Which do you prefer to eat for breakfast healthy food or junk food?
Do you go grocery shopping when your fridge is empty?
Yes, I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Is your fridge full of food now?
No, my fridge isn't full of food now.
Is your fridge empty?
Yes, my fridge is empty.
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty?
Why are you at the grocery store?
I'm at the grocery store because my fridge is empty.
Do you go to the movies when your fridge is empty?
No, I don't go to the movies when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
I go grocery shopping when my fridge is empty.
Do you have your favourite grocery store?
Yes, I have my favorite grocery store.
Is it a big store or a small store ?
It's a big store.
Is your favourite grocery store closed on Saturdays and Sundays?
No, my favorite grocery store isn't close on Saturdays under Sundays.
Is your favourite grocery store open on Saturdays and Sundays?
Yes, My favourite grocery store is open on Saturdays and Sundays.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on work days?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
Do you usually go grocery shopping on weekends or on workdays?
I usually go grocery shopping on weekends, and sometimes on work days.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
I usually go grocery shopping 4 times a week.
How many times a week do you usually go grocery shopping?
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
Does it mean you come to work at 9 and leave work at 5?
Yes, it means I come to work at 9 and leave work at 5.
What time do you come to work?
I come to work at 9 AM.
What time do you leave work
I leave work at 5 PM?
Do you usually have time to eat during the work day?
Yes, I usually have time to eat during the work day.
Do you go to work 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 3 times near week.
Do you go to work 7 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 7 times a week
Do you go to work 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you like to work Monday to Friday?
Yes, I like to work Monday to Friday.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do on work days?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do on work days.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
Do you have any time to relax when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to relax when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to hang out with your friends when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to hang out with my friends when I have a lot of work to do.
Is it a great idea to go to the movies during the workday?
No, it's not a great idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Of course not.
You have work to do.
do it.
And when you're done.
enjoy your free time.
What's left of it.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Yes, it's a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Do you like to hang out at the movies only when you have free time?
Yes, I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live.
Do you live on the street?
No, I don't live on the street.
Is this the place where you live?
Yes, this is the place where I live.
Do you think your house is terrible?
No, I don't think my house is terrible.
Do you think your house is nice?
Yes, I think my house is nice.
Do you usually stay home on weekends?
Yes, I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
Do you like to eat at the restaurant?
Yes, I like to eat at the restaurant.
Do you have your favourite restaurant in this city?
Yes, I have my favourite restaurant in this city.
Does it work at night?
No, it doesnot work at night.
Does it only work during the day?
Yes, it only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
Do you have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you order a pizza delivery when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Do you stay hungry when you don't have time to go to the restaurant.
No, I don't stay hungry when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Is pizza your favorite food when you're hungry?
Yes, pizza is my favourite food when I'm hungry.
Is grass your favourite food when you're hungry?
No, grass isn't my favourite food when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
My favourite food is pizza when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
Can you drive a car?
Yes, I can drive a car.
Do you have a car to drive?
No, I don't have a car to drive.
If he had a car.
Why would he be taking the Subway.
Are you driving a car?
No, I'm not driving a car.
Are you in the Subway?
Yes, I'm in the Subway.
Where are you now?
I'm in the Subway.
Do you take the Subway to work every day?
Yes, I take the Subway to work every day.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Are you usually tired when you go to work?
No, I'm usually not tired when I go to the work.
Do you usually get very tired at work?
Yes, I usually get very tired at work.
Do you like to get very tired?
No, I don't like to get very tired.
Are you usually tired when you go home from work?
Yes, I'm usually tired when I go home from work.
Do you like to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I like to relax when I'm tired.
Do you like to work when you're very tired?
No, I don't like to work when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
Do you have your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I have my favourite place to relax when I'm tired.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
Are you homeless?
No, I am not homeless.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live
Do you have a place to live?
Do you know any people who don't have a place to live?
No, I don't know any people who don't have a place to live.
Do you live in the Subway?
No, I don't live in the Subway.
Why not?
Because I have a home.
So, why don't you live in the Subway?
I don't live in the Subway because I have a home.
Do you know any people who live in the Subway?
No, I don't know any people who live in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the subway?
No, there aren't any trees growing in the subway.
Do you think you are rich?
No, I don't think I'm rich.
Why not?
Because I don't have money for a car.
So, why do you think you're not rich?
I think I'm not rich because I don't have money for a car.
Do you want to be rich?
Yes, I want to be rich.
Do you have a fridge in your kitchen?
Yes, I have a fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
I have one fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
Do you put food in your fridge?
Yes, I put food in my fridge.
Do you put grass and leaves in your fridge?
No, I don't put grass and leaves in my fridge.
What do you put in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Yes, I like it when my fridge is full of tasty food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
No, I don't like it when my fridge is full of gross food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
When your fridge is empty, do you go grocery shopping?
Yes, when my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
When my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
Can you go grocery shopping when you don't have any money?
No, I can't go grocery shopping when I don't have any money.
Can poor people go to the restaurant every day?
No, poor people can't go to the restaurant every day.
She drinks 3 cups of coffee in the morning.
Question: How...?
How many cups of coffee does she drink in the morning?
Lily thinks this restaurant is awesome.
Question: Who...?
Lily thinks this restaurant is awesome.
Lily is Josh's girlfriend.
Question: Whose...?
Whose girlfriend is Lily?
She is thanking Josh.
Question: Who...?
Who is she thanking?
She is thanking him for dinner
Question: What...?
What is she thanking him for?
When people say "thank you", I answer "you're welcome"
Question: What...?
What do you answer when people say "thank you"?
He goes to that restaurant from time to time.
Question: How often...?
How often does he go to that restaurant?
"From time to time" means "sometimes"
Question: What...?
What does "from time to time" mean?
He likes to eat in that restaurant from time to time
Question: How often...?
How often does he like to eat in that restaurant?
Josh can eat in that restaurant from time to time because the food is cheap enough
Question: Why...?
Why can Josh eat in that restaurant from time to time?
He wants to take her to the Italian place next time.
Question: Where...?
Where does he want to take her next time?
Josh wants to take his girlfriend Lily to the Italian restaurant next time Question: Who...?
Who does Josh want to take to the Italian restaurant next time?
It's a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella because it's raining.
Question: Why...?
Why is it a terrible weather to go for a walk without an umbrella?
The weather is driving her crazy lately.
Question: What...?
What is driving her crazy lately?
He thinks Lily is right about the weather
Question: What...?
What does he think Lily is right about?
When the weather is unpredictable, it means you can't predict it
Question: What...?
what does it mean when the weather is unpredictable?
Lily can't predict the weather because it's unpredictable
Question: Why...?
Why can't Lily predict the weather?
This weather is driving Lily crazy.
Question: Who...?
Who is this weather driving crazy?
She thinks Josh has their umbrellas
Question: What...?
what does she think Josh has?
They need their umbrellas because it's raining.
Question:Why...?
Why do they need their umbrellas?
Lily thinks Josh has their umbrellas
Question: Who...?
Who thinks Josh has their umbrellas?
Josh has only one umbrella.
Question: How many...?
How many umbrellas does Josh have?
He has his umbrella.
Question: Whose...?
Whose umbrella does he have?
She is getting all wet because it's raining, and she doesn't have her umbrella.
Question: Why...?
Why is she getting all wet?
She wants Josh to give her his umbrella
Question: What...?
What does she want Josh to give her?
----‐------------------------------------------------------