Do you go to work six times a week?
No, I don't go to work 6 times a week.
Do you go to work twice a week?
No, I don't go to work twice a week.
Do you go to work five times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work five times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work ?
Do you go to work on weekends, too?
No, I don't go to work on weekends.
Do you want to go to work on weekends?
No, I don't want to go to work on weekends.
How many weekends are there?
There are two weekends
How many weekends are there?
What are they?
They are Saturday and Sunday.
How many days are there in a week?
There are 7 days in a week.
How many days are there in a week?
What are the 7 days of the week.
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
What are the 7 days of the week?
The 7 days of the week are Monday, Tuesday,Wednesday,Thursday, Friday,Saturday and Sunday.
Do you eat 6 times a day?
No, I don't eat 6 times a day.
Do you eat only 3 times a week?
No, I don't eat only 3 times a week.
Do you eat 3 times a day?
Yes, I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
I eat 3 times a day.
How many times a day do you eat?
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
Does it mean you come to work at 9 and leave work at 5?
Yes, it means I come to work at 9 and leave work at 5.
What time do you come to work?
I come to work at 9 AM.
What time do you leave work
I leave work at 5 PM?
Do you usually have time to eat during the work day?
Yes, I usually have time to eat during the work day.
Do you go to work 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 3 times near week.
Do you go to work 7 times a week?
No, I don't go to work 7 times a week
Do you go to work 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to work?
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you like to work Monday to Friday?
Yes, I like to work Monday to Friday.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do on work days?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do on work days.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
Do you have any time to relax when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to relax when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to hang out with your friends when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to hang out with my friends when I have a lot of work to do.
Is it a great idea to go to the movies during the workday?
No, it's not a great idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Of course not.
You have work to do.
do it.
And when you're done.
enjoy your free time.
What's left of it.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Yes, it's a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day.
Is it a terrible idea to go to the movies during the work day?
Do you like to hang out at the movies only when you have free time?
Yes, I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free time.
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
When do you like to hang out at the movies?
I like to hang out at the movies only when I have free.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live.
Do you live on the street?
No, I don't live on the street.
Is this the place where you live?
Yes, this is the place where I live.
Do you think your house is terrible?
No, I don't think my house is terrible.
Do you think your house is nice?
Yes, I think my house is nice.
Do you usually stay home on weekends?
Yes, I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
I usually stay home on weekends.
Where do you usually stay on weekends?
Do you like to eat at the restaurant?
Yes, I like to eat at the restaurant.
Do you have your favourite restaurant in this city?
Yes, I have my favourite restaurant in this city.
Does it work at night?
No, it doesnot work at night.
Does it only work during the day?
Yes, it only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
When does your favourite restaurant work?
When does your favourite restaurant work?
My favourite restaurant only works during the day.
Do you have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have a lot of time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you have any time to eat at the restaurant when you have a lot of work to do?
No, I don't have any time to eat at the restaurant when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you order a pizza delivery when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Do you stay hungry when you don't have time to go to the restaurant.
No, I don't stay hungry when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
What do you do when you don't have time to go to the restaurant?
I order a pizza delivery when I don't have time to go to the restaurant.
Is pizza your favorite food when you're hungry?
Yes, pizza is my favourite food when I'm hungry.
Is grass your favourite food when you're hungry?
No, grass isn't my favourite food when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
My favourite food is pizza when I'm hungry.
What is your favourite food when you're hungry?
Do you often order a pizza delivery?
Yes, I often order a pizza delivery.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a day?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 3 times a day.
Do you order a pizza delivery 5 times a week?
No, I don't order a pizza delivery 5 times a week.
Do you order a pizza delivery 3 times a week?
Yes, I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
How often do you order a pizza delivery?
I order a pizza delivery 3 times a week.
Do you get hungry if you don't eat for 5 days?
Yes, I get hungry if I don't eat for 5 days.
Do you get thirsty if you don't drink for 2 days?
Yes, I get thirsty if I don't drink for 2 days.
Do you like to stay at work at night?
No, I don't like to stay at work at night.
Do you sometimes stay at work at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
I sometimes stay at work at night when I have a lot of work to do.
Where do you sometimes stay at night when you have a lot of work to do?
Do you stay at work when you have free time?
No, I don't stay at work when I have free time.
Can you drive a car?
Yes, I can drive a car.
Do you have a car to drive?
No, I don't have a car to drive.
If he had a car.
Why would he be taking the Subway.
Are you driving a car?
No, I'm not driving a car.
Are you in the Subway?
Yes, I'm in the Subway.
Where are you now?
I'm in the Subway.
Do you take the Subway to work every day?
Yes, I take the Subway to work every day.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
How do you get to work?
I take the Subway to work.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Why don't you drive a car to work?
I don't drive a car to work because I don't have a car.
Are you usually tired when you go to work?
No, I'm usually not tired when I go to the work.
Do you usually get very tired at work?
Yes, I usually get very tired at work.
Do you like to get very tired?
No, I don't like to get very tired.
Are you usually tired when you go home from work?
Yes, I'm usually tired when I go home from work.
Do you like to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I like to relax when I'm tired.
Do you like to work when you're very tired?
No, I don't like to work when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
What do you like to do when you're very tired?
I like to relax when I'm very tired.
Do you have your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
Yes, I have my favourite place to relax when I'm tired.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
What is your favourite place to relax when you're tired?
When I'm tired, my favourite place to relax is my home.
Are you homeless?
No, I am not homeless.
Do you have a place to live?
Yes, I have a place to live
Do you have a place to live?
Do you know any people who don't have a place to live?
No, I don't know any people who don't have a place to live.
Do you live in the Subway?
No, I don't live in the Subway.
Why not?
Because I have a home.
So, why don't you live in the Subway?
I don't live in the Subway because I have a home.
Do you know any people who live in the Subway?
No, I don't know any people who live in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the subway?
No, there aren't any trees growing in the subway.
Are there any trees growing in the park?
Yes, there are lot of trees growing in the park.
Are there any leaves on those trees?
Yes, there are some leaves on those trees.
What's on those trees?
There are leaves on those trees.
Are leaves blue in summer?
No, leaves aren't blue in summer.
Are leaves brown in summer?
No, leaves aren't brown in summer.
What color are leaves in summer?
Leaves are green in summer.
What color are leaves in summer?
Do leaves grow on the trees in Winter?
No, leaves don't grow on the trees in Winter.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow.
Why don't leaves grow on the trees in Winter?
Leaves don't grow on the trees in winter because it's too cold for them to grow.
Why don't leaves grow on the trees in Winter?
Leaves don't grow on the trees in winter because it's too cold for them to grow.
Do you like to eat Scrambled eggs for breakfast?
Yes, I like to eat scrambled eggs for breakfast.
How many eggs can you eat for breakfast?
I can eat three eggs for breakfast.
How many eggs can you eat for breakfast?
Is it healthy to eat 10 eggs a day?
No, it's not healthy to eat 10 eggs a day.
Although eggs are healthy.
too many of them isn't good for you.
Do you think this man has a place to live?
No, I think this man doesn't have a place to live.
Does it mean he is homeless?
Yes, it means he is homeless.
Do you think he is rich?
No, I don't think he is rich.
Do you think he is poor?
Yes, I think he is poor.
How do you know?
Because he lives in the subway.
How do you know that this man is poor?
I know that this man is poor because he lives in the subway.
Do you think you are rich?
No, I don't think I'm rich.
Why not?
Because I don't have money for a car.
So, why do you think you're not rich?
I think I'm not rich because I don't have money for a car.
Do you want to be rich?
Yes, I want to be rich.
Do you have a fridge in your kitchen?
Yes, I have a fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
I have one fridge in my kitchen.
How many fridges do you have in your kitchen?
Do you put food in your fridge?
Yes, I put food in my fridge.
Do you put grass and leaves in your fridge?
No, I don't put grass and leaves in my fridge.
What do you put in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Yes, I like it when my fridge is full of tasty food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of tasty food?
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
No, I don't like it when my fridge is full of gross food.
Do you like it when your fridge is full of gross food?
When your fridge is empty, do you go grocery shopping?
Yes, when my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
What do you do when your fridge is empty?
When my fridge is empty, I go grocery shopping.
Can you go grocery shopping when you don't have any money?
No, I can't go grocery shopping when I don't have any money.
Can poor people go to the restaurant every day?
No, poor people can't go to the restaurant every day.
Can you cook?
Yes, I can cook.
Do you think you cook badly?
No, I don't think I cook badly.
Do you think you cook well?
Yes, I think I cook well.
Is your job to cook food?
Yes, my job is to cook food.
What is your job?
My job is to cook food.
Can you cook scrambled eggs Well?
Yes, I can cook scrambled eggs well.
Do you like bananas?
Yes, I like bananas.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
I can eat 2 bananas for lunch.
How many bananas can you eat for lunch?
Do you know a place where I can buy some bananas?
Yes, I know a place where you can buy some bananas.
Can I buy some bananas at a movie theatre?
No, you can't buy any bananas at a movie theatre.
Can I buy some bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, you can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Where can I buy some bananas?
You can buy some bananas at a grocery store.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
Yes, I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery.
Do you need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store?
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
What do you need to have to buy bananas at a grocery store?
I need to have some money to buy bananas at a grocery store.
Do bananas grow on trees?
Yes, bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
Bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
What colour are bananas?
Bananas are yellow.
Do bananas grow in Canada?
No, bananas don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't bananas grow in Canada?
Bananas don't grow in Canada. because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Bananas only grow in hot countries.
Canada is not hot by any means.
Can you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I can eat fresh bananas.
What about meat, can you eat fresh meat?
No, I can't eat fresh meat.
Do you need to cook your meat before you can eat it?
Yes, I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it?
I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it.
Is it a great idea to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not a great idea to eat fresh meat.
Is it good for you to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not good for me to eat fresh meat.
Is it really bad for you to eat fresh meat?
Yes, it's really bad for me to eat fresh meat.
Do you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I eat fresh bananas.
Do you need to cook bananas before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook bananas before I can eat them.
Do they sell pineapples in the Subway?
No, they don't sell pineapples in the Subway.
Do they sell pineapples at a movie theatre?
No, they don't sell pineapples at a movie theatre.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Yes, I know a place where they sell pineapples.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Where can I buy some pineapples?
You can buy some pineapples at a grocery store.
Do pineapples grow in Canada?
No, pineapples don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't pineapples grow in Canada?
Pineapples don't grow in Canada because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Do pineapples grow in Thailand?
Yes, pineapples grow in Thailand.
Is it too cold for them to grow there?
No, it's not too cold for them to grow there.
Do you need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
No, I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples.
Why not?
Because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Why do you not need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Do you need to cook pineapples before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook pineapples before I can eat them.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Yes, I can eat pineapples fresh.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
A finger.
A thumb.
A toe.
An arm.
A tongue.
A mouth.
To speak.
To learn.
A sign.
A language.
A sign language.
A leg.
A foot.
Feet.
Both.
Each.
To call.
What do we call this?
I call my mother everyday.
Is this an arm?
No, this isn't an arm.
Is this a tongue?
No, this isn't a tongue.
Is this a leg?
No, this isn't a leg.
What is this?
This is a hand.
Are there any fingers on this hand?
Yes, there are some fingers on this hand.
How many fingers are there on this hand?
There are five fingers on this hand.
Do we call this finger a thumb?
Yes, we call this finger a thumb.
Do we call this finger a thumb?
No, we don't call this finger a thumb.
Which finger do we call a thumb?
We call this a finger a thumb.
What do we call this finger?
We call this finger a thumb.
What do we call this finger?
Do you have 5 thumbs on each hand?
No, I don't have 5 thumbs on each hand.
Do you have 2 thumbs on each hand?
No, I don't have 2 thumbs on each hand.
Do you have 1 thumb on each hand?
Yes, I have 1 thumb on each hand.
How many thumbs do you have on each hand?
I have 1 thumb on each hand.
How many thumbs do you have on each hand?
How many fingers do you have on each hand?
I have 5 fingers on each hand.
How many fingers do you have on both hands?
I have 10 fingers on both hands.
How many fingers do you have on both hands?
Is this a leg?
No, this isn't a leg.
What is this?
This is a foot.
What are these?
These are feet.
Are there any fingers on these feet?
No, there aren't any fingers on these feet.
What are those?
Those are toes.
What are those?
Those are toes.
Do you have toes on your hands?
No, I don't have toes on my hands.
What do you have on your hands?
I have fingers on my hands.
What do you have on your feet?
I have toes on my feet.
How many toes do you have on each foot?
I have 5 toes on each foot.
How many toes do you have on each foot?
How many toes do you have on both feet?
I have 10 toes on both feet.
Do you speak English?
Yes, I speak English.
Do you speak Chinese?
No, I don't speak Chinese.
Do you speak Spanish?
Yes, I speak Spanish.
How many languages can you speak?
I can speak 2 languages.
How many languages can you speak?
How many languages can you speak?
I can speak 2 languages.
Do you want to learn Chinese?
Yes, I want to learn Chinese.
Do you have a mouth?
Yes, I have a mouth.
How many mouths do you have?
I have one mouth.
Is there a tongue in your mouth?
Yes, there is a tongue in my mouth.
How many tongues are there in your mouth?
There is one tongue in my mouth.
How many tongues are there in your mouth?
Do you use your tongue when you speak?
Yes, I use my tongue when I speak.
Can you speak without using your tongue?
No, I can't speak without using my tongue.
Do you know people who can't speak?
Yes, I know people who can't speak.
Do they use a sign language?
Yes, they use a sign language.
What language do people who can't speak use?
People who can't speak use a sign language.
Do you know any sign language?
No, I don't know any sign language.
Do you use your fingers to speak a sign language?
Yes, I use my fingers to speak a sign language.
Do you use your mouth to speak a sign language?
No, I don't use my mouth to speak a sign language.
What do you use to speak a sign language?
I use my fingers to speak a sign language.
What do you use to speak a sign language?
Are you Learning English, or are you learning a sign language now?
I am Learning English now.
What language are you learning now?
I'm Learning English now.
What language are you learning now?
Do you want to learn some sign language?
Yes, I want to learn some sign language.
----‐------------------------------------------------------