Does chocolate grow on trees?
No, Chocolate doesn't grow on trees.
Do they make chocolate?
Yes they make chocolate.
Do you know how they make chocolate?
Yes, I know how they make chocolate.
Can you make chocolate?
No, I can't make chocolate.
Can you make chocolate?
Which is your favorite chocolate, Black, Milk, or white?
My favourite chocolate is milk.
Do you put any chocolate in your scrambled eggs?
No, I don't put any chocolate in my scrambled eggs.
Yuk. It's gross!
Do you like to eat some chocolate with a cup of tea?
Yes, I like to eat some chocolate with a cup of tea.
Can you eat only chocolate when you're really hungry?
No, I can't eat only chocolate when I'm really hungry.
Can you eat a whole bar of chocolate alone?
Are you eating a bar of chocolate now?
No, I'm not eating a bar of chocolate now.
Do you want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when you get home?
Yes, I want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when I get home.
Do you want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when you get home?
Yes, I want to eat a bar of chocolate with a cup of coffee when I get home.
Do you prefer to eat a whole bar of chocolate or a cheese sandwich for dinner?
I prefer to eat a cheese sandwich for dinner.
Do you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I eat fresh bananas.
Do you need to cook bananas before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook bananas before I can eat them.
Do they sell pineapples in the Subway?
No, they don't sell pineapples in the Subway.
Do they sell pineapples at a movie theatre?
No, they don't sell pineapples at a movie theatre.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Yes, I know a place where they sell pineapples.
Do you know a place where they sell pineapples?
Where can I buy some pineapples?
You can buy some pineapples at a grocery store.
Do pineapples grow in Canada?
No, pineapples don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't pineapples grow in Canada?
Pineapples don't grow in Canada because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Do pineapples grow in Thailand?
Yes, pineapples grow in Thailand.
Is it too cold for them to grow there?
No, it's not too cold for them to grow there.
Do you need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
No, I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples.
Why not?
Because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Why do you not need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples?
I don't need to go to Thailand to eat pineapples because I can buy them at a grocery store here.
Do you need to cook pineapples before you can eat them?
No, I don't need to cook pineapples before I can eat them.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Yes, I can eat pineapples fresh.
Can you eat pineapples fresh?
Do bananas grow on trees?
Yes, bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
Bananas grow on trees.
Where do bananas grow?
What colour are bananas?
Bananas are yellow.
Do bananas grow in Canada?
No, bananas don't grow in Canada.
Why not?
Because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Why don't bananas grow in Canada?
Bananas don't grow in Canada. because it's too cold for them to grow there.
Bananas only grow in hot countries.
Canada is not hot by any means.
Can you eat fresh bananas?
Yes, I can eat fresh bananas.
What about meat, can you eat fresh meat?
No, I can't eat fresh meat.
Do you need to cook your meat before you can eat it?
Yes, I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it?
I need to cook my meat before I can eat it.
What do you need to do with your meat before you can eat it.
Is it a great idea to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not a great idea to eat fresh meat.
Is it good for you to eat fresh meat?
No, it's not good for me to eat fresh meat.
Is it really bad for you to eat fresh meat?
Yes, it's really bad for me to eat fresh meat.
Do you get tired when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I get tired when I have a lot of work to do.
Does your job pay you well?
No, my job doesn't pay me well.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy a lot of things?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy a lot of things.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy expensive food?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy expensive food.
Do you think Jim makes a lot of money?
No, I think Jim doesn't make a lot of money.
If Jim doesn't make a lot of money, can we call him rich?
No, if Jim doesn't make a lot of money, we can't call him rich.
If Jim makes a little money, can we call him poor?
Yes, if Jim makes a little money, we can call him poor.
What can we call Jim if he makes a little money?
He is poor, unfortunately.
Let's hope he finds a better job.
If your job doesn't pay you well, is it a good idea to look for another job?
Yes, if my job doesn't pay me well, it's a good idea to look for another job.
Of course.
If you job doesn't pay you well.
You have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
If my job doesn't pay me well, I have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
Does money grow on trees?
No, money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you have to work for it?
Yes, I have to work for it.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Can you rent a house if it's too expensive for you?
No, I can't rent a house if it's too expensive for me.
Can you rent a house if it's cheap enough for you?
Yes, I can rent a house if it's cheap enough for me.
When can you rent a house?
I can rent a house when it's cheap enough for me.
When can you rent a house?
If you like an apartment, but it's too expensive, do you have to look for another apartment?
Yes, if I like an apartment, but it's too expensive, I have to look for another apartment.
If you like an apartment, but it's too expensive, is it a good idea to live in the street?
No, if I like an apartment, but it's too expensive, it's not a good idea to live in the street.
What do you have to do if you like an apartment, but it's too expensive?
If I like an apartment, but it's too expensive, I have to look for another apartment.
What do you have to do if you like an apartment, but it's too expensive?
What do you have to do if you like an apartment, but it's too expensive?
If I like an apartment, but it's too expensive, I have to look for another apartment.
Does your apartment have a bathroom in it?
Yes, my apartment has a bathroom in it.
How many bathrooms does your apartment have in it?
My apartment has only one bathroom in it.
How many bathrooms does your apartment have in it?
Does every apartment have to have a bathroom in it?
Yes, every apartment has to have a bathroom in it.
What does every apartment have to have in it?
Every apartment has to have a bathroom in it.
What does every apartment have to have in it?
Do you want to live in an apartment without a bathroom?
No, I don't want to live in an apartment without a bathroom.
Do you have a job?
Yes, I have a job.
Do you work 9 to 5?
Yes, I work 9 to 5.
What time do you come to work?
I come to work at 9 AM.
What time do you leave work?
I leave work at 5 PM.
Are you taking the elevator now?
Yes, I'm taking the elevator now.
Are you stuck in the elevator?
No, I'm not stuck in the elevator.
Do you like to be stuck in the elevator?
No, I don't like to be stuck in the elevator.
Do you like to be stuck in the elevator?
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day?
No, I don't want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day.
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day?
Do we call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator?
Yes, we call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator.
What do we call this thing that takes us up and down?
We call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator.
What do we call this thing that takes us up and down?
Do you live in a small house?
No, I don't live in a small house.
Do you need an elevator if you live in a small house?
No, I don't need an elevator if I live in a small house.
Do you live in an apartment, or do you live in a house?
I live in an apartment.
Is it your apartment?
No, it's not my apartment.
Do you rent it?
Yes, I rent it.
Do you like the apartment you live in?
Yes, I like the apartment I live in.
Do you like the apartment you live in?
Do you like the apartment you live in?
Yes, I like the apartment I live in.
Do you have to pay your rent every month?
Yes, I have to pay my rent every month.
Can you pay your rent if you don't have a job?
No, I can't pay my rent if I don't have a job.
Can you pay your rent if you don't have a job?
Do you need to have a job to pay your rent?
Yes, I need to have a job to pay my rent.
What do you need to have to pay your rent?
I need to have a job to pay my rent.
What do you need to have to pay your rent?
Is there an elevator in your apartment building?
Yes, there is an elevator in my apartment building.
Do you need it?
Yes, I need it.
Do you often take the elevator?
Yes, I often take the elevator.
Are you taking the elevator now?
No, I'm not taking the elevator now.
Do elevators go up and down?
Yes, elevators go up and down.
Do elevators only go down?
No, elevators don't only go down.
Do elevators only go up?
No, elevators don't only go up.
Where do elevators go?
The elevator go up and down.
Where do elevators go?
Do you know any sign language?
No, I don't know any sign language.
Do you use your fingers to speak a sign language?
Yes, I use my fingers to speak a sign language.
Do you use your mouth to speak a sign language?
No, I don't use my mouth to speak a sign language.
What do you use to speak a sign language?
I use my fingers to speak a sign language.
What do you use to speak a sign language?
Are you Learning English, or are you learning a sign language now?
I am Learning English now.
What language are you learning now?
I'm Learning English now.
What language are you learning now?
Do you want to learn some sign language?
Yes, I want to learn some sign language.
Do you speak English?
Yes, I speak English.
Do you speak Chinese?
No, I don't speak Chinese.
Do you speak Spanish?
Yes, I speak Spanish.
How many languages can you speak?
I can speak 2 languages.
How many languages can you speak?
How many languages can you speak?
I can speak 2 languages.
Do you want to learn Chinese?
Yes, I want to learn Chinese.
Do you have a mouth?
Yes, I have a mouth.
How many mouths do you have?
I have one mouth.
Is there a tongue in your mouth?
Yes, there is a tongue in my mouth.
How many tongues are there in your mouth?
There is one tongue in my mouth.
How many tongues are there in your mouth?
Do you use your tongue when you speak?
Yes, I use my tongue when I speak.
Can you speak without using your tongue?
No, I can't speak without using my tongue.
Do you know people who can't speak?
Yes, I know people who can't speak.
Do they use a sign language?
Yes, they use a sign language.
What language do people who can't speak use?
People who can't speak use a sign language.
Is this an arm?
No, this isn't an arm.
Is this a tongue?
No, this isn't a tongue.
Is this a leg?
No, this isn't a leg.
What is this?
This is a hand.
Are there any fingers on this hand?
Yes, there are some fingers on this hand.
How many fingers are there on this hand?
There are five fingers on this hand.
Do we call this finger a thumb?
Yes, we call this finger a thumb.
Do we call this finger a thumb?
No, we don't call this finger a thumb.
Which finger do we call a thumb?
We call this a finger a thumb.
What do we call this finger?
We call this finger a thumb.
What do we call this finger?
Floor
Broken
To stop
Stairs
To take stairs
Multistory building
A story
A skyscraper
Slow
Slowly
Quick
Quickly
To stand
To sit
1st
First
2nd
Second
3rd
Third
4th
Fourth
5th
Fifth
6th
Sixth
7th
Seventh
8th
Eighth
9th
Ninth
10th
Tenth
20th
Twentieth
Do you live in a house, or in an apartment building?
I live in an apartment building.
Do you live in a multistory building?
Yes, I live in a multistory building.
Do you live on the first floor?
No, I don't live on the first floor.
Do you live on the second floor?
No, I don't live on the second floor.
Do you live on the third floor?
No, I don't live on the third floor.
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Which floor do you live on?
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Is it your apartment, or do you rent it
I rent it?
Do you want to have your apartment in this building?
Yes, I want to have my apartment in this building.
Do you pay your rent everyday?
No, I don't pay my rent everyday.
Do you pay your rent 3 times a month?
No, I don't pay my rent 3 times a month.
Do you pay your rent twice a month?
No, I don't pay my rent twice a month.
Do you pay your rent once a month?
Yes, I pay my rent once a month.
How often do you pay your rent?
I pay my rent once a month.
Can you live in this apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in this apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
I have to pay my rent every month if I want to live in this apartment.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
Does your apartment building have 20 elevators in it?
No, my apartment building doesn't have 20 elevators in it.
Does your apartment building have 20 elevators in it?
Does your apartment building have 5 elevators in it?
No, my apartment building doesn't have 5 elevators in it.
Does your apartment building have 2 elevators in it?
Yes, my apartment building has 2 elevators in it.
How many elevators does your apartment building have in it?
My apartment building has 2 elevators in it.
How many elevators does your apartment building have in it?
Do you usually take the elevator to the 10th floor?
Yes, I usually take the elevator to the 10th floor.
How do you usually get to the 10th floor?
I usually take the elevator to the 10th floor.
How do you usually get to the 10th floor?
I usually take the elevator to the 10th floor.
Do you sometimes take the stairs to the 10th floor?
Yes, I sometimes take the stairs to the 10th floor.
Yeah.
I believe it happens.
When the elevator is broken.
Do you prefer to take the elevator, or stairs to the 10th floor?
I prefer to take the elevator to the 10th floor.
Do you prefer to take the elevator, or stairs to the 10th floor?
How about the 2nd, do you prefer to take the elevator, or the stairs to the 2nd floor?
I prefer to take the stairs to the 2nd floor.
Do you live in a small, or in a multistory building?
I live in a multistory building.
Are the elevators in your apartment building always working?
No, the elevators in my apartment building aren't always working.
Are the elevators in your apartment building sometimes broken?
Yes, the elevators in my apartment building are sometimes broken.
Are the elevators in your apartment building always broken?
Are the elevators in your apartment building always broken?
No, the elevators in my apartment building aren't always broken.
If the elevator is not working, does it mean it's broken?
Yes, if the elevator is not working, it means it's broken.
If the elevator is not working, does it mean it's broken?
What does it mean if the elevator is not working?
If the elevator isn't working it means it's broken.
What does it mean if the elevator is not working?
Can you take the elevator if it's broken?
No, I can't take the elevator if it's broken.
Do you have to take the stairs if the elevator is broken?
Yes, I have to take the stairs if the elevator is broken.
What do you have to do if the elevator is broken?
I have to take the stairs if the elevator is broken.
What do you have to do if the elevator is broken?
How can you get to the 15th floor if the elevator is broken?
If the elevator is broken, I can take the stairs to the 15th floor.
How can you get to the 15th floor if the elevator is broken?
How can you get to the 15th floor if the elevator is broken?
If the elevator is broken, I can take the stairs to the 15th floor.
Do you think those elevators are working now?
Yes, I think those elevators are working now.
Do you think those elevators are broken now?
No, I think those elevators aren't broken now.
If that elevator isn't broken, can you take it?
Yes, if that elevator isn't broken, I can take it.
Let's do it.
Do you always sit in the elevator?
No, I don't always sit in the elevator.
Do you sit in the elevator only when you're very tired?
Yes, I sit in the elevator only when I'm very tired.
Are you standing?
No, I'm not standing.
Are you sitting?
Yes, I'm sitting.
Why?
Because I'm very tired.
Why are you sitting?
I'm sitting because I'm very tired.
When the elevator gets to your floor, does the door have to open?
Yes, when the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
When the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, does it mean the elevator's broken?
Yes, if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator's broken.
What does it mean if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator is broken.
If I'm in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, can I say I'm stuck in the elevator?
Yes, if you're in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, you can say you're stuck in the elevator.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
You can say that you're stuck in the elevator if it's broken and the door doesn't open.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
Do we call a building which has 100 stories, a skyscraper?
Yes, we call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
We call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
Are there any skyscrapers in this city?
Yes, there are a lot of skyscrapers in this city.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
No, I don't want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Yes, I know some nice restaurants in this city.
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Are we sitting in a nice, or in a terrible restaurant.
We are sitting in a nice restaurant.
Can I have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant?
Yes, you can have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant.
Do you think they are very expensive here?
No, I don't think they are very expensive here.
Do you think they are cheap enough here?
Yes, I think they are cheap enough here.
Are there any chairs in this restaurant?
Yes, there are some chairs in this restaurant.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Why not?
Because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
I'm not sitting on the floor because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
Are you eating junk food?
No, I'm not eating junk food.
Are you eating healthy food?
Yes, I'm eating healthy food.
What food are you eating?
I'm eating healthy food.
Do you prefer to eat slowly, or quickly?
I prefer to eat slowly.
Do you have to eat quickly if you don't have a lot of time?
Yes, I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
How do you have to eat if you don't have a lot of time?
I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
Is it good for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
No, it's not good for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Is it very bad for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
Yes, it's very bad for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Do you usually stand, or sit when you eat?
I usually sit when I eat.
----‐------------------------------------------------------