Do you know any sign language?
No, I don't know any sign language.
Do you use your fingers to speak a sign language?
Yes, I use my fingers to speak a sign language.
Do you use your mouth to speak a sign language?
No, I don't use my mouth to speak a sign language.
What do you use to speak a sign language?
I use my fingers to speak a sign language.
What do you use to speak a sign language?
Are you Learning English, or are you learning a sign language now?
I am Learning English now.
What language are you learning now?
I'm Learning English now.
What language are you learning now?
Do you want to learn some sign language?
Yes, I want to learn some sign language.
Do you speak English?
Yes, I speak English.
Do you speak Chinese?
No, I don't speak Chinese.
Do you speak Spanish?
Yes, I speak Spanish.
How many languages can you speak?
I can speak 2 languages.
How many languages can you speak?
How many languages can you speak?
I can speak 2 languages.
Do you want to learn Chinese?
Yes, I want to learn Chinese.
Do you have a mouth?
Yes, I have a mouth.
How many mouths do you have?
I have one mouth.
Is there a tongue in your mouth?
Yes, there is a tongue in my mouth.
How many tongues are there in your mouth?
There is one tongue in my mouth.
How many tongues are there in your mouth?
Do you use your tongue when you speak?
Yes, I use my tongue when I speak.
Can you speak without using your tongue?
No, I can't speak without using my tongue.
Do you know people who can't speak?
Yes, I know people who can't speak.
Do they use a sign language?
Yes, they use a sign language.
What language do people who can't speak use?
People who can't speak use a sign language.
Do you live in an apartment, or do you live in a house?
I live in an apartment.
Is it your apartment?
No, it's not my apartment.
Do you rent it?
Yes, I rent it.
Do you like the apartment you live in?
Yes, I like the apartment I live in.
Do you like the apartment you live in?
Do you like the apartment you live in?
Yes, I like the apartment I live in.
Do you have to pay your rent every month?
Yes, I have to pay my rent every month.
Can you pay your rent if you don't have a job?
No, I can't pay my rent if I don't have a job.
Can you pay your rent if you don't have a job?
Do you need to have a job to pay your rent?
Yes, I need to have a job to pay my rent.
What do you need to have to pay your rent?
I need to have a job to pay my rent.
What do you need to have to pay your rent?
Is there an elevator in your apartment building?
Yes, there is an elevator in my apartment building.
Do you need it?
Yes, I need it.
Do you often take the elevator?
Yes, I often take the elevator.
Are you taking the elevator now?
No, I'm not taking the elevator now.
Do elevators go up and down?
Yes, elevators go up and down.
Do elevators only go down?
No, elevators don't only go down.
Do elevators only go up?
No, elevators don't only go up.
Where do elevators go?
The elevator go up and down.
Where do elevators go?
Are you taking the elevator now?
Yes, I'm taking the elevator now.
Are you stuck in the elevator?
No, I'm not stuck in the elevator.
Do you like to be stuck in the elevator?
No, I don't like to be stuck in the elevator.
Do you like to be stuck in the elevator?
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day?
No, I don't want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day.
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day?
Do we call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator?
Yes, we call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator.
What do we call this thing that takes us up and down?
We call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator.
What do we call this thing that takes us up and down?
Do you live in a small house?
No, I don't live in a small house.
Do you need an elevator if you live in a small house?
No, I don't need an elevator if I live in a small house.
Are you a student, or a teacher?
I am a student.
Do you go to college everyday?
No, I don't go to college every day.
Do you go to college 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to college 3 times a week.
Do you go to college 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to college 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to college?
I go to college 5 times a week.
On which days do you go to college?
I go to college Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to college?
I go to college Monday to Friday.
Does your teacher ask you questions in class?
Yes, my teacher asks me questions in class.
Do you always know the right answer to the questions your teacher asks?
No, I don't always know the right answer to the questions my teacher asks.
Usually.
If the teacher asks the class a question.
And you know the right answer.
You have to raise your hand first.
It's not good to start speaking.
To start answering the question
Without rising your hand.
Remember.
Don't start answering the teacher's question
Without raising your hand.
If you know the right answer to the teacher's question, do you have to raise your hand?
Yes, if I know the right answer to the teacher's question, I have to raise my hand.
What do you have to do if you know the answer to the teacher's question?
I have to raise my hand if I know the answer to the teacher's question.
If you know the right answer to your teacher's question, do you start speaking without raising your hand?
No, if I know the right answer to my teacher's question, I don't start speaking without rising my hand.
If you know the right answer to your teacher's question, do you start speaking without raising your hand?
No, if I know the right answer to my teacher's question, I don't start speaking without rising my hand.
Do you get tired when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I get tired when I have a lot of work to do.
Does your job pay you well?
No, my job doesn't pay me well.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy a lot of things?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy a lot of things.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy expensive food?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy expensive food.
Do you think Jim makes a lot of money?
No, I think Jim doesn't make a lot of money.
If Jim doesn't make a lot of money, can we call him rich?
No, if Jim doesn't make a lot of money, we can't call him rich.
If Jim makes a little money, can we call him poor?
Yes, if Jim makes a little money, we can call him poor.
What can we call Jim if he makes a little money?
He is poor, unfortunately.
Let's hope he finds a better job.
If your job doesn't pay you well, is it a good idea to look for another job?
Yes, if my job doesn't pay me well, it's a good idea to look for another job.
Of course.
If you job doesn't pay you well.
You have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
If my job doesn't pay me well, I have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
Does money grow on trees?
No, money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you have to work for it?
Yes, I have to work for it.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do we call a building which has 100 stories, a skyscraper?
Yes, we call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
We call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
Are there any skyscrapers in this city?
Yes, there are a lot of skyscrapers in this city.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
No, I don't want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Yes, I know some nice restaurants in this city.
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Are we sitting in a nice, or in a terrible restaurant.
We are sitting in a nice restaurant.
Can I have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant?
Yes, you can have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant.
Do you think they are very expensive here?
No, I don't think they are very expensive here.
Do you think they are cheap enough here?
Yes, I think they are cheap enough here.
Are there any chairs in this restaurant?
Yes, there are some chairs in this restaurant.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Why not?
Because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
I'm not sitting on the floor because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
Are you eating junk food?
No, I'm not eating junk food.
Are you eating healthy food?
Yes, I'm eating healthy food.
What food are you eating?
I'm eating healthy food.
Do you prefer to eat slowly, or quickly?
I prefer to eat slowly.
Do you have to eat quickly if you don't have a lot of time?
Yes, I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
How do you have to eat if you don't have a lot of time?
I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
Is it good for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
No, it's not good for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Is it very bad for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
Yes, it's very bad for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Do you usually stand, or sit when you eat?
I usually sit when I eat.
Do you always sit in the elevator?
No, I don't always sit in the elevator.
Do you sit in the elevator only when you're very tired?
Yes, I sit in the elevator only when I'm very tired.
Are you standing?
No, I'm not standing.
Are you sitting?
Yes, I'm sitting.
Why?
Because I'm very tired.
Why are you sitting?
I'm sitting because I'm very tired.
When the elevator gets to your floor, does the door have to open?
Yes, when the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
When the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, does it mean the elevator's broken?
Yes, if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator's broken.
What does it mean if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator is broken.
If I'm in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, can I say I'm stuck in the elevator?
Yes, if you're in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, you can say you're stuck in the elevator.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
You can say that you're stuck in the elevator if it's broken and the door doesn't open.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
Does your apartment building have 20 elevators in it?
No, my apartment building doesn't have 20 elevators in it.
Does your apartment building have 20 elevators in it?
Does your apartment building have 5 elevators in it?
No, my apartment building doesn't have 5 elevators in it.
Does your apartment building have 2 elevators in it?
Yes, my apartment building has 2 elevators in it.
How many elevators does your apartment building have in it?
My apartment building has 2 elevators in it.
How many elevators does your apartment building have in it?
Do you usually take the elevator to the 10th floor?
Yes, I usually take the elevator to the 10th floor.
How do you usually get to the 10th floor?
I usually take the elevator to the 10th floor.
How do you usually get to the 10th floor?
I usually take the elevator to the 10th floor.
Do you sometimes take the stairs to the 10th floor?
Yes, I sometimes take the stairs to the 10th floor.
Yeah.
I believe it happens.
When the elevator is broken.
Do you prefer to take the elevator, or stairs to the 10th floor?
I prefer to take the elevator to the 10th floor.
Do you prefer to take the elevator, or stairs to the 10th floor?
How about the 2nd, do you prefer to take the elevator, or the stairs to the 2nd floor?
I prefer to take the stairs to the 2nd floor.
Do you live in a small, or in a multistory building?
I live in a multistory building.
Do you live in a house, or in an apartment building?
I live in an apartment building.
Do you live in a multistory building?
Yes, I live in a multistory building.
Do you live on the first floor?
No, I don't live on the first floor.
Do you live on the second floor?
No, I don't live on the second floor.
Do you live on the third floor?
No, I don't live on the third floor.
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Which floor do you live on?
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Is it your apartment, or do you rent it
I rent it?
Do you want to have your apartment in this building?
Yes, I want to have my apartment in this building.
Do you pay your rent everyday?
No, I don't pay my rent everyday.
Do you pay your rent 3 times a month?
No, I don't pay my rent 3 times a month.
Do you pay your rent twice a month?
No, I don't pay my rent twice a month.
Do you pay your rent once a month?
Yes, I pay my rent once a month.
How often do you pay your rent?
I pay my rent once a month.
Can you live in this apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in this apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
I have to pay my rent every month if I want to live in this apartment.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
To see
To touch
Fast
With your hand
An eye
With your eyes
A head
Hair
To groom
To groom your hair
A comb
A fork
With a fork
A spoon
With a spoon
A knife
With a knife
Chopsticks
With Chopsticks
Am I raising my hand?
Yes, you are raising your hand.
Am I rising my leg?
No, you aren't raising your leg.
What am I raising?
You are raising your hand.
Am I raising both hands?
No, you aren't raising both hands.
How many hands am I raising?
You are raising one hand.
Can you touch your toes with your fingers?
Yes, I can touch my toes with my fingers.
What are you doing?
I'm touching my toes with my fingers.
What are you touching your toes with?
I'm touching my toes with my fingers.
What are you touching your toes with?
What are you touching your toes with?
I'm touching my toes with my fingers.
Can you see any people here?
Yes, I can see some people here.
How many people can you see here?
I can see 5 people here.
Can you see me?
Yes, I can see you.
Do you see with your eyes?
Yes, I see with my eyes.
Do you see with your hands?
No, I don't see with my hands.
Do you see with your legs?
No, I don't see with my legs.
What do you see with?
I see with my eyes.
What do you see with?
Do you have hair on your head?
Yes, I have hair on my head.
Is your hair brown?
No, my hair isn't Brown.
Is your hair green?
No, my hair isn't green.
Is your hair white?
No, my hair isn't white.
What colour is your hair?
My hair is black.
What colour is your hair?
Do you groom your hair every day?
Yes, I groom my hair every day.
Do you sometimes like to groom your hair with your fingers?
Yes, I sometimes like to groom my hair with my fingers.
Can you groom your hair with your toes?
No, I can't groom my hair with my toes.
Do you usually use a comb to groom your hair?
Yes, I usually use a comb to groom my hair.
Do you use a fork to groom your hair?
No, I don't use a fork to groom my hair.
What do you usually use to groom your hair?
I usually use a comb to groom my hair.
What do you usually use to groom your hair?
Does Joe have any hair on his head?
No, Joe doesn't have any hair on his head.
Does Joe need to comb if he doesn't have any hair?
No, Joe doesn't need a comb if he doesn't have any hair.
Do you know what a fast food restaurant is?
Yes, I know what a fast food restaurant is.
Are we in the fast food restaurant now?
Yes, we are in the fast food restaurant now.
Do people eat slowly in a fast food restaurant?
No, people don't eat slowly in a fast food restaurant.
Do people usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant?
Yes, people usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant.
How do people usually eat in a fast food restaurant?
People usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant.
How do people usually eat in a fast food restaurant?
Do they sell healthy food in a fast food restaurant?
No, they don't sell healthy food in a fast food restaurant.
Of course not.
You don't go to such places for healthy food.
People come here to get their fix of junk food.
Do they sell junk food in fast food restaurants?
Yes, they sell junk food in fast food restaurants.
Too many fast carbs.
Do you sometimes eat in a fast food restaurant?
Yes, I sometimes eat in a fast food restaurant.
Do you think hamburgers are gross?
No, I don't think hamburgers are gross.
Do you think hamburgers are tasty?
Yes, I think hamburgers are tasty.
Do you eat hamburgers with your hands?
Yes, I eat hamburgers with my hands.
Do you eat hamburgers with a spoon and a knife?
No, I don't eat hamburgers with a spoon and a knife.
Do you eat hamburgers with chopsticks?
No, I don't eat hamburgers with chopsticks.
What do you eat hamburgers with?
I eat hamburgers with my hands.
What do you eat hamburgers with?
Do you know exactly what they put in these hamburgers?
No, I don't know exactly what they put in these hamburgers.
Do you prefer cereal with milk, or without milk?
I prefer cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
Do you eat cereal with your hands?
No, I don't eat cereal with my hands.
Do you eat cereal with your feet?
No, I don't eat cereal with my feet.
Do you eat cereal with chopsticks?
No, I don't eat cereal with chopsticks.
What do you eat cereal with?
I eat cereal with a spoon.
What do you eat cereal with?
Is a fast food restaurant your favourite place when you want to relax?
No, a fast food restaurant isn't my favourite place when I want to relax.
Is a Japanese restaurant your favourite place when you want to relax?
Yes, a Japanese restaurant is my favourite place when I want to relax.
What is your favourite place when you want to relax?
A Japanese restaurant is my favourite place when I want to relax.
What is your favourite place when you want to relax?
Do you hate Japanese food?
No, I don't hate Japanese food.
Is it a good idea to go to a Japanese restaurant if you hate Japanese food?
No, It's not a good idea to go to a Japanese restaurant if I hate Japanese food.
Do you eat Japanese food with your hands?
No, I don't eat Japanese food with my hands.
Do you eat Japanese food with your eyes?
No, I don't eat Japanese food with my eyes.
Unless it's too expensive.
Do you eat Japanese food with chopsticks?
Yes, I eat Japanese food with chopsticks.
What do you eat Japanese food with?
I eat Japanese food with chopsticks.
What do you eat Japanese food with?
Do you know how to hold chopsticks?
Yes, I know how to hold chopsticks.
Is soda your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
No, soda isn't my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
Is black coffee your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
No, black coffee isn't my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
Is water your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Yes, water is my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
What is your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Water is my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
What is your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Can you run fast after drinking a lot of green tea?
No, I can't run fast after drinking a lot of green tea.
Is it good for you to run fast after drinking a lot of green tea?
No, it's not good for me to run fast after drinking a lot of green tea.
Do students at college have to raise their feet when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to raise their feet when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to touch their toes when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to touch their toes when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to groom their hair when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to groom their hair when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer?
Yes, students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer.
Do you raise your both hands when you know the right answer?
No, I don't raise my both hands when I know the right answer.
What do students at the college have to do when they know the right answer?
Students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer.
What do students at college have to do when they know the right answer?
Is it a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer?
No, it's not a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer.
Is it a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer?
No, it's not a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer.
----‐------------------------------------------------------