Are you taking the elevator now?
Yes, I'm taking the elevator now.
Are you stuck in the elevator?
No, I'm not stuck in the elevator.
Do you like to be stuck in the elevator?
No, I don't like to be stuck in the elevator.
Do you like to be stuck in the elevator?
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day?
No, I don't want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day.
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator for the whole day?
Do we call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator?
Yes, we call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator.
What do we call this thing that takes us up and down?
We call this thing that takes us up and down an elevator.
What do we call this thing that takes us up and down?
Do you live in a small house?
No, I don't live in a small house.
Do you need an elevator if you live in a small house?
No, I don't need an elevator if I live in a small house.
Are you a student, or a teacher?
I am a student.
Do you go to college everyday?
No, I don't go to college every day.
Do you go to college 3 times a week?
No, I don't go to college 3 times a week.
Do you go to college 5 times a week?
Yes, I go to college 5 times a week.
How many times a week do you go to college?
I go to college 5 times a week.
On which days do you go to college?
I go to college Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to college?
I go to college Monday to Friday.
Does your teacher ask you questions in class?
Yes, my teacher asks me questions in class.
Do you always know the right answer to the questions your teacher asks?
No, I don't always know the right answer to the questions my teacher asks.
Usually.
If the teacher asks the class a question.
And you know the right answer.
You have to raise your hand first.
It's not good to start speaking.
To start answering the question
Without rising your hand.
Remember.
Don't start answering the teacher's question
Without raising your hand.
If you know the right answer to the teacher's question, do you have to raise your hand?
Yes, if I know the right answer to the teacher's question, I have to raise my hand.
What do you have to do if you know the answer to the teacher's question?
I have to raise my hand if I know the answer to the teacher's question.
If you know the right answer to your teacher's question, do you start speaking without raising your hand?
No, if I know the right answer to my teacher's question, I don't start speaking without rising my hand.
If you know the right answer to your teacher's question, do you start speaking without raising your hand?
No, if I know the right answer to my teacher's question, I don't start speaking without rising my hand.
Do you get tired when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I get tired when I have a lot of work to do.
Does your job pay you well?
No, my job doesn't pay me well.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy a lot of things?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy a lot of things.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy expensive food?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy expensive food.
Do you think Jim makes a lot of money?
No, I think Jim doesn't make a lot of money.
If Jim doesn't make a lot of money, can we call him rich?
No, if Jim doesn't make a lot of money, we can't call him rich.
If Jim makes a little money, can we call him poor?
Yes, if Jim makes a little money, we can call him poor.
What can we call Jim if he makes a little money?
He is poor, unfortunately.
Let's hope he finds a better job.
If your job doesn't pay you well, is it a good idea to look for another job?
Yes, if my job doesn't pay me well, it's a good idea to look for another job.
Of course.
If you job doesn't pay you well.
You have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
If my job doesn't pay me well, I have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
Does money grow on trees?
No, money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you have to work for it?
Yes, I have to work for it.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do you live in a house, or in an apartment building?
I live in an apartment building.
Do you live in a multistory building?
Yes, I live in a multistory building.
Do you live on the first floor?
No, I don't live on the first floor.
Do you live on the second floor?
No, I don't live on the second floor.
Do you live on the third floor?
No, I don't live on the third floor.
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Which floor do you live on?
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Is it your apartment, or do you rent it
I rent it?
Do you want to have your apartment in this building?
Yes, I want to have my apartment in this building.
Do you pay your rent everyday?
No, I don't pay my rent everyday.
Do you pay your rent 3 times a month?
No, I don't pay my rent 3 times a month.
Do you pay your rent twice a month?
No, I don't pay my rent twice a month.
Do you pay your rent once a month?
Yes, I pay my rent once a month.
How often do you pay your rent?
I pay my rent once a month.
Can you live in this apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in this apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
I have to pay my rent every month if I want to live in this apartment.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
Are the elevators in your apartment building always working?
No, the elevators in my apartment building aren't always working.
Are the elevators in your apartment building sometimes broken?
Yes, the elevators in my apartment building are sometimes broken.
Are the elevators in your apartment building always broken?
Are the elevators in your apartment building always broken?
No, the elevators in my apartment building aren't always broken.
If the elevator is not working, does it mean it's broken?
Yes, if the elevator is not working, it means it's broken.
If the elevator is not working, does it mean it's broken?
What does it mean if the elevator is not working?
If the elevator isn't working it means it's broken.
What does it mean if the elevator is not working?
Can you take the elevator if it's broken?
No, I can't take the elevator if it's broken.
Do you have to take the stairs if the elevator is broken?
Yes, I have to take the stairs if the elevator is broken.
What do you have to do if the elevator is broken?
I have to take the stairs if the elevator is broken.
What do you have to do if the elevator is broken?
How can you get to the 15th floor if the elevator is broken?
If the elevator is broken, I can take the stairs to the 15th floor.
How can you get to the 15th floor if the elevator is broken?
How can you get to the 15th floor if the elevator is broken?
If the elevator is broken, I can take the stairs to the 15th floor.
Do you think those elevators are working now?
Yes, I think those elevators are working now.
Do you think those elevators are broken now?
No, I think those elevators aren't broken now.
If that elevator isn't broken, can you take it?
Yes, if that elevator isn't broken, I can take it.
Let's do it.
Do you always sit in the elevator?
No, I don't always sit in the elevator.
Do you sit in the elevator only when you're very tired?
Yes, I sit in the elevator only when I'm very tired.
Are you standing?
No, I'm not standing.
Are you sitting?
Yes, I'm sitting.
Why?
Because I'm very tired.
Why are you sitting?
I'm sitting because I'm very tired.
When the elevator gets to your floor, does the door have to open?
Yes, when the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
When the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, does it mean the elevator's broken?
Yes, if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator's broken.
What does it mean if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator is broken.
If I'm in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, can I say I'm stuck in the elevator?
Yes, if you're in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, you can say you're stuck in the elevator.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
You can say that you're stuck in the elevator if it's broken and the door doesn't open.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
Do we call a building which has 100 stories, a skyscraper?
Yes, we call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
We call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
Are there any skyscrapers in this city?
Yes, there are a lot of skyscrapers in this city.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
No, I don't want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Yes, I know some nice restaurants in this city.
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Are we sitting in a nice, or in a terrible restaurant.
We are sitting in a nice restaurant.
Can I have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant?
Yes, you can have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant.
Do you think they are very expensive here?
No, I don't think they are very expensive here.
Do you think they are cheap enough here?
Yes, I think they are cheap enough here.
Are there any chairs in this restaurant?
Yes, there are some chairs in this restaurant.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Why not?
Because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
I'm not sitting on the floor because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
Are you eating junk food?
No, I'm not eating junk food.
Are you eating healthy food?
Yes, I'm eating healthy food.
What food are you eating?
I'm eating healthy food.
Do you prefer to eat slowly, or quickly?
I prefer to eat slowly.
Do you have to eat quickly if you don't have a lot of time?
Yes, I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
How do you have to eat if you don't have a lot of time?
I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
Is it good for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
No, it's not good for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Is it very bad for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
Yes, it's very bad for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Do you usually stand, or sit when you eat?
I usually sit when I eat.
Is soda your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
No, soda isn't my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
Is black coffee your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
No, black coffee isn't my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
Is water your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Yes, water is my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
What is your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Water is my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
What is your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Can you run fast after drinking a lot of green tea?
No, I can't run fast after drinking a lot of green tea.
Is it good for you to run fast after drinking a lot of green tea?
No, it's not good for me to run fast after drinking a lot of green tea.
Do students at college have to raise their feet when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to raise their feet when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to touch their toes when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to touch their toes when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to groom their hair when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to groom their hair when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer?
Yes, students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer.
Do you raise your both hands when you know the right answer?
No, I don't raise my both hands when I know the right answer.
What do students at the college have to do when they know the right answer?
Students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer.
What do students at college have to do when they know the right answer?
Is it a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer?
No, it's not a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer.
Is it a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer?
No, it's not a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer.
Do you know what a fast food restaurant is?
Yes, I know what a fast food restaurant is.
Are we in the fast food restaurant now?
Yes, we are in the fast food restaurant now.
Do people eat slowly in a fast food restaurant?
No, people don't eat slowly in a fast food restaurant.
Do people usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant?
Yes, people usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant.
How do people usually eat in a fast food restaurant?
People usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant.
How do people usually eat in a fast food restaurant?
Do they sell healthy food in a fast food restaurant?
No, they don't sell healthy food in a fast food restaurant.
Of course not.
You don't go to such places for healthy food.
People come here to get their fix of junk food.
Do they sell junk food in fast food restaurants?
Yes, they sell junk food in fast food restaurants.
Too many fast carbs.
Do you sometimes eat in a fast food restaurant?
Yes, I sometimes eat in a fast food restaurant.
Do you think hamburgers are gross?
No, I don't think hamburgers are gross.
Do you think hamburgers are tasty?
Yes, I think hamburgers are tasty.
Do you eat hamburgers with your hands?
Yes, I eat hamburgers with my hands.
Do you eat hamburgers with a spoon and a knife?
No, I don't eat hamburgers with a spoon and a knife.
Do you eat hamburgers with chopsticks?
No, I don't eat hamburgers with chopsticks.
What do you eat hamburgers with?
I eat hamburgers with my hands.
What do you eat hamburgers with?
Do you know exactly what they put in these hamburgers?
No, I don't know exactly what they put in these hamburgers.
Do you groom your hair every day?
Yes, I groom my hair every day.
Do you sometimes like to groom your hair with your fingers?
Yes, I sometimes like to groom my hair with my fingers.
Can you groom your hair with your toes?
No, I can't groom my hair with my toes.
Do you usually use a comb to groom your hair?
Yes, I usually use a comb to groom my hair.
Do you use a fork to groom your hair?
No, I don't use a fork to groom my hair.
What do you usually use to groom your hair?
I usually use a comb to groom my hair.
What do you usually use to groom your hair?
Does Joe have any hair on his head?
No, Joe doesn't have any hair on his head.
Does Joe need to comb if he doesn't have any hair?
No, Joe doesn't need a comb if he doesn't have any hair.
Am I raising my hand?
Yes, you are raising your hand.
Am I rising my leg?
No, you aren't raising your leg.
What am I raising?
You are raising your hand.
Am I raising both hands?
No, you aren't raising both hands.
How many hands am I raising?
You are raising one hand.
Can you touch your toes with your fingers?
Yes, I can touch my toes with my fingers.
What are you doing?
I'm touching my toes with my fingers.
What are you touching your toes with?
I'm touching my toes with my fingers.
What are you touching your toes with?
What are you touching your toes with?
I'm touching my toes with my fingers.
Can you see any people here?
Yes, I can see some people here.
How many people can you see here?
I can see 5 people here.
Can you see me?
Yes, I can see you.
Do you see with your eyes?
Yes, I see with my eyes.
Do you see with your hands?
No, I don't see with my hands.
Do you see with your legs?
No, I don't see with my legs.
What do you see with?
I see with my eyes.
What do you see with?
Do you have hair on your head?
Yes, I have hair on my head.
Is your hair brown?
No, my hair isn't Brown.
Is your hair green?
No, my hair isn't green.
Is your hair white?
No, my hair isn't white.
What colour is your hair?
My hair is black.
What colour is your hair?
Some - unspecified very general object or people or with unspecified quantity or number of objects or people
Any - in question and in negative sentences.
No - Only in negative sentences.
Every - can also be use as prefixes
Something - means unspecified thing In positive sentences and in questions.
Anything - an unspecified thing in questions and negative sentences.
Nothing - Only in negative sentences.
I have something in my pocket
Do you have anything in your fridge?
I don't have anything in my fridge.
I have nothing in my fridge
Everything - means every single thing
We'll take everything.
Okay, everything is in the car.
One
body
Someone = Somebody
(Some person)
Of course we use "someone" and somebody in positive sentences and in questions.
Anyone = Anybody
(Any person)
No one = No body
(No person)
Is there anyone here?
There is nobody here.
Yes, there is somebody here.
Everyone = Everybody
(Every person)
Listen up, everyone! you are all fired!
Everybody was drunk after the party.
Where
Somewhere - Which means "some place" In questions and positive sentence.
Anywhere - In questions and negative sentences.
Nowhere - In negative sentences.
Everywhere - Which means in every place.
I know my key is somewhere in the house... but where is it?
Sorry, boss, we couldn't find him anywhere.
Did you search everywhere?
Something
Anything
Nothing
Everything
(Mean you talk about things)
Someone
Anyone
No one
Everyone
(You talk about a person)
Somebody
Anybody
Nobody
Everybody
(You talk about a person)
Somewhere
Anywhere
Nowhere
Everywhere
(You talk about a place)
A chewing gum
To get a Chewing gum out of your hair
Easy
Simple
Difficult
Hard
A crowd
To get on the train
A voice
Crowded
A crowded place
To hear
To listen
Music
To listen to music
An ear
A nose
To smell
A smell
Is there anyone in this restaurant?
Yes, there is someone in this restaurant.
Is there only one person in this restaurant?
No, there isn't only one person in this restaurant.
Are there three people in this restaurant?
No,There aren't three people in this restaurant.
Are there a lot of people in this restaurant?
Yes, there are a lot of people in this restaurant.
Can I say that this restaurant is crowded?
Yes, you can say that this restaurant is crowded.
What can I say about the restaurant if there are a lot of people in it?
If there are a lot of people in a restaurant, you can say that it's crowded.
What can I say about the restaurant if there are a lot of people in it?
If there are a lot of people in a restaurant, you can say that it's crowded.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
No, I don't often go to the restaurant.
Do you go to the restaurant three times a day?
No, I don't go to the restaurant three times a day.
How often do you go to the restaurant?
I go to the restaurant twice a week.
How often do you go to the restaurant?
Do you eat anything when you go to the restaurant?
Yes, I eat something when I go to the restaurant.
Do you eat chewing gums in a restaurant?
No, I don't eat chewing gums in a restaurant.
Do you eat food in a restaurant?
Yes, I eat food in a restaurant.
What do you eat in a restaurant?
I eat food in a restaurant.
Is there a Subway in this city?
Yes, there is a Subway in this city.
Do you often take the Subway?
Yes, I often take the Subway.
Do you prefer to take the Subway or to drive a car?
I prefer to drive a car.
Is the Subway empty of people during rush hour?
No, the Subway isn't empty of people during rush hour.
Is the subway crowded during rush hour?
Yes, the Subway is crowded during rush hour.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded train?
Yes, it drives me crazy when I have to take a crowded train.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded bus?
Yes, it drives me crazy when I have to take a crowded bus.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded bus?
Is it easy to get on the crowded train?
No, It's not easy to get on the crowded train.
Is it difficult to get on the crowded train?
Yes, It's difficult to get on the crowded train.
If you don't like to get on a very crowded train, is it a good idea to walk to work?
No, if I don't like to get on a very crowded train, it's not a good idea to walk to work.
You have to make a choice.
To squeeze into the crowded train or take a walk.
Do you like to listen to music when you're going to work?
Yes, I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
Do you have your favourite music?
Yes, I have my favourite music.
What is your favourite music?
My favourite music is rock music.
Is a Subway train a good place to relax?
No, a Subway train isn't a good place to relax.
Is it easy to relax on the train during rush hour?
No, it's not easy to relax on the train during rush hour.
Is it hard to relax on the train during rush hour?
Yes, it's hard to relax on the train during rush hour.
Do you usually have a place to sit on a crowded train?
No, I usually don't have a place to sit on a crowded train.
Do you usually have to stand on a crowded train?
Yes, I usually have to stand on a crowded train.
Why?
Because there is no place to sit on a crowded train.
Why do you usually have to stand on a crowded train?
I usually have to stand on a crowded train because there is no place to sit on a crowded train.
Do you have ears?
Yes, I have ears.
How many ears do you have?
I have 2 ears.
Do you hear with your eyes?
No, I don't hear with my eyes.
Do you hear with your fingers?
No, I don't hear with my fingers
Do you hear with your thumbs?
No, I don't hear with my thumbs.
How many thumbs do you have?
I have two thumbs.
Do you hear with your ears?
Yes, I hear with my ears.
What do you hear with?
I hear with my ears.
What do you hear with?
Can you hear any voices on a crowded train?
Yes, I can hear some voices on a crowded train.
If you can hear some voices in a room, does it mean there is somebody there?
Yes, if I can hear some voices in a room, it means there is somebody there.
If you can hear some voices in a room, does it mean there is nobody there?
No, if I can hear some voices in a room, it doesn't mean there is nobody there.
What does it mean if you can hear some voices in a room?
If I can hear some voices in a room, it means there is somebody there.
Do you have a nose?
Yes, I have a nose.
How many noses do you have?
I have one nose.
Do you put your food in your nose when you eat?
No, I don't put my food in my nose when I eat.
Do you put your food in your hair when you eat?
No, I don't put my food in my hair when I eat.
Do you put your food in your mouth when you eat?
Yes, I put my food in my mouth when I eat.
Where do you put your food when you eat?
I put my food in my mouth when I eat.
Where do you put your food when you eat?
Do you smell your food with your nose?
Yes, I smell my food with my nose.
What do you smell your food with?
I smell my food with my nose.
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
We call the thing we use to smell food a nose.
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
We call the thing we use to smell food a nose.
Do you like to eat food that smells awesome?
Yes, I like to eat food that smells awesome.
Do you like to eat food that smells terrible?
No, I don't like to eat food that smells terrible.
If the food smells awesome, does it mean it tastes great, too?
No, if the food smells awesome, it doesn't mean it tastes great, too.
Do you like the smell of Chinese food?
Yes, I like the smell of Chinese food.
Does everybody like Chinese food?
No, not everybody likes Chinese food.
Does everybody like Chinese food?
Does everybody like Chinese food?
No, not everybody likes Chinese food.
Do you know anyone who hates Chinese food?
Yes, I know someone who hates Chinese food.
Do you like to smell your food before eating it?
Yes, I like to smell my food before eating it.
Do you always smell your food before eating it?
No, I don't always smell my food before eating it.
Do you eat your food if it doesn't smell good?
No, I don't eat my food if it doesn't smell good.
Do you usually have lunch alone?
No, I don't usually have lunch alone.
Do you usually have lunch with someone?
Yes, I usually have lunch with someone.
Who do you usually have lunch with?
I usually have lunch with my friend.
Who do you usually have lunch with?
Who do you usually have lunch with?
I usually have lunch with my friend.
Do you speak with your friend during your lunch?
Yes, I speak with my friend during my lunch.
Do you speak with your mouth, or with your nose?
I speak with my mouse.
What do you speak with?
I speak with my mouth.
Can you speak when your mouth is full of food?
No, I can't speak when my mouth is full of food.
Is it easy to speak when your mouth is full of food?
No, It's not easy to speak when my mouth is full of food.
Is it difficult to speak when your mouth is full of food?
Yes, it's difficult to speak when my mouth is full of food.
Does a chewing gum get stuck if You put it in your hair?
Yes, a chewing gum gets stuck if I put it in my hair.
Does a chewing gum get stuck if You put it in your hair?
Do you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
No, I don't have a chewing gum stuck In my hair.
Do you want to have a chewing gum stuck In your hair?
No, I don't want to have a chewing gum stuck in my hair.
If you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair, do you have to get it out of your hair?
Yes, if I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
If I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
If I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
Is it easy to get a chewing gum out of your hair?
No, it's not easy to get a chewing gum out of my hair.
Is it hard to get a chewing gum out of your hair?
Yes, it's hard to get a chewing gum out of my hair.
----‐------------------------------------------------------