Do you always sit in the elevator?
No, I don't always sit in the elevator.
Do you sit in the elevator only when you're very tired?
Yes, I sit in the elevator only when I'm very tired.
Are you standing?
No, I'm not standing.
Are you sitting?
Yes, I'm sitting.
Why?
Because I'm very tired.
Why are you sitting?
I'm sitting because I'm very tired.
When the elevator gets to your floor, does the door have to open?
Yes, when the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
When the elevator gets to my floor, the door has to open.
What does the door have to do when the elevator gets to your floor?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, does it mean the elevator's broken?
Yes, if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator's broken.
What does it mean if the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open?
If the elevator stops, but the door doesn't open, it means the elevator is broken.
If I'm in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, can I say I'm stuck in the elevator?
Yes, if you're in the broken elevator, whose door doesn't open, you can say you're stuck in the elevator.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
You can say that you're stuck in the elevator if it's broken and the door doesn't open.
When can I say that I'm stuck in the elevator?
Do we call a building which has 100 stories, a skyscraper?
Yes, we call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
We call a building which has 100 stories a skyscraper.
What do we call a building which has 100 stories?
Are there any skyscrapers in this city?
Yes, there are a lot of skyscrapers in this city.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
No, I don't want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators.
Do you want to live in a skyscraper with broken elevators?
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Yes, I know some nice restaurants in this city.
Do you know any nice restaurants in this city?
Are we sitting in a nice, or in a terrible restaurant.
We are sitting in a nice restaurant.
Can I have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant?
Yes, you can have some scrambled eggs in this restaurant.
Do you think they are very expensive here?
No, I don't think they are very expensive here.
Do you think they are cheap enough here?
Yes, I think they are cheap enough here.
Are there any chairs in this restaurant?
Yes, there are some chairs in this restaurant.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Why not?
Because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
I'm not sitting on the floor because there are chairs here.
Why aren't you sitting on the floor?
Are you eating junk food?
No, I'm not eating junk food.
Are you eating healthy food?
Yes, I'm eating healthy food.
What food are you eating?
I'm eating healthy food.
Do you prefer to eat slowly, or quickly?
I prefer to eat slowly.
Do you have to eat quickly if you don't have a lot of time?
Yes, I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
How do you have to eat if you don't have a lot of time?
I have to eat quickly if I don't have a lot of time.
Is it good for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
No, it's not good for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Is it very bad for your stomach when you eat your dinner very quickly?
Yes, it's very bad for my stomach when I eat my dinner very quickly.
Do you usually stand, or sit when you eat?
I usually sit when I eat.
Do you groom your hair every day?
Yes, I groom my hair every day.
Do you sometimes like to groom your hair with your fingers?
Yes, I sometimes like to groom my hair with my fingers.
Can you groom your hair with your toes?
No, I can't groom my hair with my toes.
Do you usually use a comb to groom your hair?
Yes, I usually use a comb to groom my hair.
Do you use a fork to groom your hair?
No, I don't use a fork to groom my hair.
What do you usually use to groom your hair?
I usually use a comb to groom my hair.
What do you usually use to groom your hair?
Does Joe have any hair on his head?
No, Joe doesn't have any hair on his head.
Does Joe need to comb if he doesn't have any hair?
No, Joe doesn't need a comb if he doesn't have any hair.
Do you know what a fast food restaurant is?
Yes, I know what a fast food restaurant is.
Are we in the fast food restaurant now?
Yes, we are in the fast food restaurant now.
Do people eat slowly in a fast food restaurant?
No, people don't eat slowly in a fast food restaurant.
Do people usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant?
Yes, people usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant.
How do people usually eat in a fast food restaurant?
People usually eat quickly in a fast food restaurant.
How do people usually eat in a fast food restaurant?
Do they sell healthy food in a fast food restaurant?
No, they don't sell healthy food in a fast food restaurant.
Of course not.
You don't go to such places for healthy food.
People come here to get their fix of junk food.
Do they sell junk food in fast food restaurants?
Yes, they sell junk food in fast food restaurants.
Too many fast carbs.
Do you sometimes eat in a fast food restaurant?
Yes, I sometimes eat in a fast food restaurant.
Do you think hamburgers are gross?
No, I don't think hamburgers are gross.
Do you think hamburgers are tasty?
Yes, I think hamburgers are tasty.
Do you eat hamburgers with your hands?
Yes, I eat hamburgers with my hands.
Do you eat hamburgers with a spoon and a knife?
No, I don't eat hamburgers with a spoon and a knife.
Do you eat hamburgers with chopsticks?
No, I don't eat hamburgers with chopsticks.
What do you eat hamburgers with?
I eat hamburgers with my hands.
What do you eat hamburgers with?
Do you know exactly what they put in these hamburgers?
No, I don't know exactly what they put in these hamburgers.
Is soda your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
No, soda isn't my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
Is black coffee your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
No, black coffee isn't my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
Is water your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Yes, water is my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
What is your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Water is my favourite drink when I'm thirsty.
What is your favourite drink when you're thirsty?
Can you run fast after drinking a lot of green tea?
No, I can't run fast after drinking a lot of green tea.
Is it good for you to run fast after drinking a lot of green tea?
No, it's not good for me to run fast after drinking a lot of green tea.
Do students at college have to raise their feet when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to raise their feet when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to touch their toes when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to touch their toes when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to groom their hair when they know the right answer?
No, students at college don't have to groom their hair when they know the right answer.
Do students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer?
Yes, students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer.
Do you raise your both hands when you know the right answer?
No, I don't raise my both hands when I know the right answer.
What do students at the college have to do when they know the right answer?
Students at college have to raise their hands when they know the right answer.
What do students at college have to do when they know the right answer?
Is it a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer?
No, it's not a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer.
Is it a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer?
No, it's not a good idea to raise your hand if you don't know the right answer.
Do you speak with your mouth, or with your nose?
I speak with my mouse.
What do you speak with?
I speak with my mouth.
Can you speak when your mouth is full of food?
No, I can't speak when my mouth is full of food.
Is it easy to speak when your mouth is full of food?
No, It's not easy to speak when my mouth is full of food.
Is it difficult to speak when your mouth is full of food?
Yes, it's difficult to speak when my mouth is full of food.
Does a chewing gum get stuck if You put it in your hair?
Yes, a chewing gum gets stuck if I put it in my hair.
Does a chewing gum get stuck if You put it in your hair?
Do you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
No, I don't have a chewing gum stuck In my hair.
Do you want to have a chewing gum stuck In your hair?
No, I don't want to have a chewing gum stuck in my hair.
If you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair, do you have to get it out of your hair?
Yes, if I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
If I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
If I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
Is it easy to get a chewing gum out of your hair?
No, it's not easy to get a chewing gum out of my hair.
Is it hard to get a chewing gum out of your hair?
Yes, it's hard to get a chewing gum out of my hair.
Do you like the smell of Chinese food?
Yes, I like the smell of Chinese food.
Does everybody like Chinese food?
No, not everybody likes Chinese food.
Does everybody like Chinese food?
Does everybody like Chinese food?
No, not everybody likes Chinese food.
Do you know anyone who hates Chinese food?
Yes, I know someone who hates Chinese food.
Do you like to smell your food before eating it?
Yes, I like to smell my food before eating it.
Do you always smell your food before eating it?
No, I don't always smell my food before eating it.
Do you eat your food if it doesn't smell good?
No, I don't eat my food if it doesn't smell good.
Do you usually have lunch alone?
No, I don't usually have lunch alone.
Do you usually have lunch with someone?
Yes, I usually have lunch with someone.
Who do you usually have lunch with?
I usually have lunch with my friend.
Who do you usually have lunch with?
Who do you usually have lunch with?
I usually have lunch with my friend.
Do you speak with your friend during your lunch?
Yes, I speak with my friend during my lunch.
If you can hear some voices in a room, does it mean there is somebody there?
Yes, if I can hear some voices in a room, it means there is somebody there.
If you can hear some voices in a room, does it mean there is nobody there?
No, if I can hear some voices in a room, it doesn't mean there is nobody there.
What does it mean if you can hear some voices in a room?
If I can hear some voices in a room, it means there is somebody there.
Do you have a nose?
Yes, I have a nose.
How many noses do you have?
I have one nose.
Do you put your food in your nose when you eat?
No, I don't put my food in my nose when I eat.
Do you put your food in your hair when you eat?
No, I don't put my food in my hair when I eat.
Do you put your food in your mouth when you eat?
Yes, I put my food in my mouth when I eat.
Where do you put your food when you eat?
I put my food in my mouth when I eat.
Where do you put your food when you eat?
Do you smell your food with your nose?
Yes, I smell my food with my nose.
What do you smell your food with?
I smell my food with my nose.
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
We call the thing we use to smell food a nose.
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
We call the thing we use to smell food a nose.
Do you like to eat food that smells awesome?
Yes, I like to eat food that smells awesome.
Do you like to eat food that smells terrible?
No, I don't like to eat food that smells terrible.
If the food smells awesome, does it mean it tastes great, too?
No, if the food smells awesome, it doesn't mean it tastes great, too.
Do you have your favourite music?
Yes, I have my favourite music.
What is your favourite music?
My favourite music is rock music.
Is a Subway train a good place to relax?
No, a Subway train isn't a good place to relax.
Is it easy to relax on the train during rush hour?
No, it's not easy to relax on the train during rush hour.
Is it hard to relax on the train during rush hour?
Yes, it's hard to relax on the train during rush hour.
Do you usually have a place to sit on a crowded train?
No, I usually don't have a place to sit on a crowded train.
Do you usually have to stand on a crowded train?
Yes, I usually have to stand on a crowded train.
Why?
Because there is no place to sit on a crowded train.
Why do you usually have to stand on a crowded train?
I usually have to stand on a crowded train because there is no place to sit on a crowded train.
Do you have ears?
Yes, I have ears.
How many ears do you have?
I have 2 ears.
Do you hear with your eyes?
No, I don't hear with my eyes.
Do you hear with your fingers?
No, I don't hear with my fingers
Do you hear with your thumbs?
No, I don't hear with my thumbs.
How many thumbs do you have?
I have two thumbs.
Do you hear with your ears?
Yes, I hear with my ears.
What do you hear with?
I hear with my ears.
What do you hear with?
Can you hear any voices on a crowded train?
Yes, I can hear some voices on a crowded train.
Is there a Subway in this city?
Yes, there is a Subway in this city.
Do you often take the Subway?
Yes, I often take the Subway.
Do you prefer to take the Subway or to drive a car?
I prefer to drive a car.
Is the Subway empty of people during rush hour?
No, the Subway isn't empty of people during rush hour.
Is the subway crowded during rush hour?
Yes, the Subway is crowded during rush hour.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded train?
Yes, it drives me crazy when I have to take a crowded train.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded bus?
Yes, it drives me crazy when I have to take a crowded bus.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded bus?
Is it easy to get on the crowded train?
No, It's not easy to get on the crowded train.
Is it difficult to get on the crowded train?
Yes, It's difficult to get on the crowded train.
If you don't like to get on a very crowded train, is it a good idea to walk to work?
No, if I don't like to get on a very crowded train, it's not a good idea to walk to work.
You have to make a choice.
To squeeze into the crowded train or take a walk.
Do you like to listen to music when you're going to work?
Yes, I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
Is there anyone in this restaurant?
Yes, there is someone in this restaurant.
Is there only one person in this restaurant?
No, there isn't only one person in this restaurant.
Are there three people in this restaurant?
No,There aren't three people in this restaurant.
Are there a lot of people in this restaurant?
Yes, there are a lot of people in this restaurant.
Can I say that this restaurant is crowded?
Yes, you can say that this restaurant is crowded.
What can I say about the restaurant if there are a lot of people in it?
If there are a lot of people in a restaurant, you can say that it's crowded.
What can I say about the restaurant if there are a lot of people in it?
If there are a lot of people in a restaurant, you can say that it's crowded.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
No, I don't often go to the restaurant.
Do you go to the restaurant three times a day?
No, I don't go to the restaurant three times a day.
How often do you go to the restaurant?
I go to the restaurant twice a week.
How often do you go to the restaurant?
Do you eat anything when you go to the restaurant?
Yes, I eat something when I go to the restaurant.
Do you eat chewing gums in a restaurant?
No, I don't eat chewing gums in a restaurant.
Do you eat food in a restaurant?
Yes, I eat food in a restaurant.
What do you eat in a restaurant?
I eat food in a restaurant.
To bite
A snake
A hospital
To hurt
It hurts!
To hit
A shower
To take a shower
A bath
To take a bath
Do you like to go to a fast food restaurant when you're hungry?
Yes, I like to go to a fast food restaurant when I'm hungry.
Do you order anything when you go to a fast food restaurant?
Yes, I order something when I go to a fast food restaurant.
Can you order a lot of food if you don't have enough money?
No, I can't order a lot of food if I don't have enough money.
Do you usually eat your hamburgers fast or slowly?
I usually eat my hamburgers fast.
Do you sometimes bite your tongue when you eat too fast?
Yes, I sometimes bite my tongue when I eat too fast.
Does it hurt a little when you bite your tongue?
No, it doesn't hurt a little when I bite my tongue.
Does it hurt badly when you bite your tongue?
Yes, it hurts badly when I bite my tongue.
How much does it hurt when you bite your tongue?
It hurts badly when I bite my tongue.
How much does it hurt when you bite your tongue?
How much does it hurt when you bite your tongue?
It hurts badly when I bite my tongue.
When you bite your tongue, do you run to the hospital?
No, when I bite my tongue, I don't run to the hospital.
Do you live in a house?
No, I don't live in a house.
Do you live in an apartment?
Do you live in a multi story building?
Yes, I live in a multi story building.
What do we call a building which has a lot of stories?
We call a building which has a lot of stories a multi story building.
What do we call a building which has a lot of stories?
What do we call a 100 story building?
We call a 100 story building a skyscraper.
What do we call a 100 story building?
Do you live in a skyscraper?
No, I don't live in a skyscraper.
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 7th floor.
Which floor do you live on?
Do you have a bathroom in your apartment?
Yes, I have a bathroom in my apartment.
How many bathrooms do you have in your apartment?
I have one bathroom in my apartment.
How many bathrooms do you have in your apartment?
How many bathrooms do you have in your apartment?
I have one bathroom in my apartment.
Do you prefer to take a shower, or a bath?
I prefer to take a shower.
Do you take a shower once a week?
No, I don't take a shower once a week.
Do you take a shower three times a day?
No, I don't take a shower three times day.
How often do you take a shower?
I take a shower once a day.
How often do you take a shower?
Do you like to take a cold shower in the morning?
Yes, I sometimes like to take a cold shower in the morning.
Can you take a shower if there is no water?
No, I can't take a shower if there is no water.
Can you take a shower if there is no water?
Can you take a shower if there is no water?
No, I can't take a shower if there is no water.
Can you take a warm bath if there is no hot water?
No, I can't take a warm bath if there is no hot water.
Is it usually cold in summer?
No, It's not usually cold in summer.
Is it usually hot in summer?
Yes, it's usually hot in summer.
How's the weather in summer?
The weather is hot in summer.
Can you always predict the weather?
No, I can't always predict the weather.
If you can't predict the weather, does it mean the weather is unpredictable?
Yes, if I can't predict the weather, it means the weather is unpredictable.
What does it mean if you can't predict the weather?
If I can't predict the weather, it means the weather is unpredictable.
Is it snowing now?
No, it's not snowing now.
Is it raining now?
Yes, it's raining now.
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
How's the weather now?
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
Is there anyone in the park now?
No, there isn't anyone in the park now.
Why not?
Because it's raining.
So why is there nobody in the park now?
There is nobody in the park now because it's raining.
Do you stay dry if you run in the rain?
No, I don't stay dry if I run in the rain.
Do you get wet if you run in the rain?
Yes, I get wet if I run in the rain.
Are you getting wet now?
Yes I'm getting wet now.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why are you getting wet?
I'm getting wet because it's raining.
Are we both getting wet?
Yes, we are both getting wet.
Do you like to go for a run in the rain?
No, I don't like to go for a run in the rain.
Do you like to go for a run in the rain?
Do you take a shower after running in the rain?
Yes, I take a shower after running in the rain.
Do you go to work without taking a shower after running?
No, I don't go to work without taking a shower after running.
Do you go to work without taking a shower after running?
Do you go to work without taking a shower after running?
No, I don't go to work without taking a shower after running.
Do you smell awesome if you don't take a shower after running?
No, I don't smell awesome if I don't take a shower after running.
Do you smell badly if you don't take a shower after running?
Yes, I smell badly if I don't take a shower after running.
How do you smell if you don't take a shower after running?
I smell badly if I don't take a shower after running.
How do you smell if you don't take a shower after running?
I smell badly if I don't take a shower after running.
Do you like to listen to music when you're running?
Yes, I like to listen to music when I'm running.
What do you like to do when you're running?
I like to listen to music when I'm running.
Are there any snakes in the park?
No, there aren't any snakes in the park.
Do you think there aren't, or do you know there aren't?
I think there aren't.
If you see a sleeping snake, is it a good idea to hit it with your foot?
No, if I see sleeping snake, it's not a good idea to hit it with my foot.
If you see a sleeping snake, is it a terrible idea to hit it with your foot?
Yes, if I see a sleeping snake, it's a terrible idea to hit it with my foot.
Can a snack bite you if you hit it with your foot?
Yes, a snake can bite me if I hit it with my foot.
What can a snake do if you hit it with your foot?
A snake can bite me if I hit it with my foot.
What can a snake do if you hit it with your foot?
Do you want to go for a run in a park full of snakes?
No, I don't want to go for a run in a park full of snakes.
Can a snake bite you if you run in a park full of snakes?
Yes, a snake can bite me if I run in a park full of snakes.
Why is it a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes?
It's a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes because they can bite me.
Why is it a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes?
Why is it a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes?
It's a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes because they can bite me.
Do you think it hurts a little when a snake bites you?
No, I don't think it hurts a little when a snake bites me.
Do you think it hurts a lot when a snake bites you?
Yes, I think it hurts a lot when a snake bites me.
How much does it hurt when a snake bites you?
It hurts a lot when a snake bites me.
Do you want a snake to bite you?
No, I don't want a snake to bite me.
Do you want a snake to bite you?
Do you want a snake to bite you?
No, I don't want a snake to bite me.
If a snake bites you, do you have to go to the hospital?
Yes, If a snake bites me, I have to go to the hospital.
If a snake bites you, do you have to go to the movie theatre to relax?
No, if a snake bites me, I don't have to go to the movie theatre to relax.
Where do you have to go if a snake bites you?
If a snake bites me, I have to go to the hospital.
Where do you have to go if a snake bites you?
Where do you have to go if a snake bites you?
If a snake bites me, I have to go to the hospital.
Do you sleep in this park?
No, I don't sleep in this park.
Do you see some homeless people sleeping in this park?
Yes, I see some homeless people sleeping in this park.
Why do they sleep in the park?
They sleep in the park because they don't have a home.
Why don't you sleep in the park?
I don't sleep in the park because I have a home.
Do you sometimes walk in your sleep?
Yes, I sometimes walk in my sleep.
Do you sometimes walk in your sleep?
How many fridges do you have at home?
I have one fridge at home.
How many fridges do you have at home?
Is your fridge in the bathroom?
No, my fridge isn't in the bathroom.
Where is it?
It's in the kitchen.
Do you put food in your fridge to make it cold?
Yes, I put food in my fridge to make it cold.
Why do you put food in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge to make it cold.
Do you like to sleep in your fridge when it's very hot in summer?
No, I don't like to sleep in my fridge when it's very hot in summer.
Why not?
Because it's too cold in the fridge.
Why don't you like to sleep in the fridge in summer?
I don't like to sleep in the fridge in summer because it's too cold in the fridge.
Why don't you like to sleep in the fridge in summer?
----‐------------------------------------------------------