Do you get tired when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I get tired when I have a lot of work to do.
Does your job pay you well?
No, my job doesn't pay me well.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy a lot of things?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy a lot of things.
If your job doesn't pay you well, can you buy expensive food?
No, if my job doesn't pay me well, I can't buy expensive food.
Do you think Jim makes a lot of money?
No, I think Jim doesn't make a lot of money.
If Jim doesn't make a lot of money, can we call him rich?
No, if Jim doesn't make a lot of money, we can't call him rich.
If Jim makes a little money, can we call him poor?
Yes, if Jim makes a little money, we can call him poor.
What can we call Jim if he makes a little money?
He is poor, unfortunately.
Let's hope he finds a better job.
If your job doesn't pay you well, is it a good idea to look for another job?
Yes, if my job doesn't pay me well, it's a good idea to look for another job.
Of course.
If you job doesn't pay you well.
You have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
If my job doesn't pay me well, I have to look for another job.
What do you have to do if your job doesn't pay you well?
Does money grow on trees?
No, money doesn't grow on trees.
Do you have to work for it?
Yes, I have to work for it.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Do you want money to grow on trees?
Yes, I want money to grow on trees.
Do you live in a house, or in an apartment building?
I live in an apartment building.
Do you live in a multistory building?
Yes, I live in a multistory building.
Do you live on the first floor?
No, I don't live on the first floor.
Do you live on the second floor?
No, I don't live on the second floor.
Do you live on the third floor?
No, I don't live on the third floor.
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Which floor do you live on?
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 10th floor.
Is it your apartment, or do you rent it
I rent it?
Do you want to have your apartment in this building?
Yes, I want to have my apartment in this building.
Do you pay your rent everyday?
No, I don't pay my rent everyday.
Do you pay your rent 3 times a month?
No, I don't pay my rent 3 times a month.
Do you pay your rent twice a month?
No, I don't pay my rent twice a month.
Do you pay your rent once a month?
Yes, I pay my rent once a month.
How often do you pay your rent?
I pay my rent once a month.
Can you live in this apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in this apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
I have to pay my rent every month if I want to live in this apartment.
What do you have to do every month if you want to live in this apartment?
Is there a Subway in this city?
Yes, there is a Subway in this city.
Do you often take the Subway?
Yes, I often take the Subway.
Do you prefer to take the Subway or to drive a car?
I prefer to drive a car.
Is the Subway empty of people during rush hour?
No, the Subway isn't empty of people during rush hour.
Is the subway crowded during rush hour?
Yes, the Subway is crowded during rush hour.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded train?
Yes, it drives me crazy when I have to take a crowded train.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded bus?
Yes, it drives me crazy when I have to take a crowded bus.
Does it drive you crazy when you have to take a crowded bus?
Is it easy to get on the crowded train?
No, It's not easy to get on the crowded train.
Is it difficult to get on the crowded train?
Yes, It's difficult to get on the crowded train.
If you don't like to get on a very crowded train, is it a good idea to walk to work?
No, if I don't like to get on a very crowded train, it's not a good idea to walk to work.
You have to make a choice.
To squeeze into the crowded train or take a walk.
Do you like to listen to music when you're going to work?
Yes, I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
What do you like to do when you're going to work?
I like to listen to music when I'm going to work.
If you can hear some voices in a room, does it mean there is somebody there?
Yes, if I can hear some voices in a room, it means there is somebody there.
If you can hear some voices in a room, does it mean there is nobody there?
No, if I can hear some voices in a room, it doesn't mean there is nobody there.
What does it mean if you can hear some voices in a room?
If I can hear some voices in a room, it means there is somebody there.
Do you have a nose?
Yes, I have a nose.
How many noses do you have?
I have one nose.
Do you put your food in your nose when you eat?
No, I don't put my food in my nose when I eat.
Do you put your food in your hair when you eat?
No, I don't put my food in my hair when I eat.
Do you put your food in your mouth when you eat?
Yes, I put my food in my mouth when I eat.
Where do you put your food when you eat?
I put my food in my mouth when I eat.
Where do you put your food when you eat?
Do you smell your food with your nose?
Yes, I smell my food with my nose.
What do you smell your food with?
I smell my food with my nose.
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
We call the thing we use to smell food a nose.
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
What do we call the thing we use to smell food?
We call the thing we use to smell food a nose.
Do you like to eat food that smells awesome?
Yes, I like to eat food that smells awesome.
Do you like to eat food that smells terrible?
No, I don't like to eat food that smells terrible.
If the food smells awesome, does it mean it tastes great, too?
No, if the food smells awesome, it doesn't mean it tastes great, too.
Do you speak with your mouth, or with your nose?
I speak with my mouse.
What do you speak with?
I speak with my mouth.
Can you speak when your mouth is full of food?
No, I can't speak when my mouth is full of food.
Is it easy to speak when your mouth is full of food?
No, It's not easy to speak when my mouth is full of food.
Is it difficult to speak when your mouth is full of food?
Yes, it's difficult to speak when my mouth is full of food.
Does a chewing gum get stuck if You put it in your hair?
Yes, a chewing gum gets stuck if I put it in my hair.
Does a chewing gum get stuck if You put it in your hair?
Do you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
No, I don't have a chewing gum stuck In my hair.
Do you want to have a chewing gum stuck In your hair?
No, I don't want to have a chewing gum stuck in my hair.
If you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair, do you have to get it out of your hair?
Yes, if I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
If I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
What do you have to do if you have a chewing gum stuck in your hair?
If I have a chewing gum stuck in my hair, I have to get it out of my hair.
Is it easy to get a chewing gum out of your hair?
No, it's not easy to get a chewing gum out of my hair.
Is it hard to get a chewing gum out of your hair?
Yes, it's hard to get a chewing gum out of my hair.
Do you like to go to a fast food restaurant when you're hungry?
Yes, I like to go to a fast food restaurant when I'm hungry.
Do you order anything when you go to a fast food restaurant?
Yes, I order something when I go to a fast food restaurant.
Can you order a lot of food if you don't have enough money?
No, I can't order a lot of food if I don't have enough money.
Do you usually eat your hamburgers fast or slowly?
I usually eat my hamburgers fast.
Do you sometimes bite your tongue when you eat too fast?
Yes, I sometimes bite my tongue when I eat too fast.
Does it hurt a little when you bite your tongue?
No, it doesn't hurt a little when I bite my tongue.
Does it hurt badly when you bite your tongue?
Yes, it hurts badly when I bite my tongue.
How much does it hurt when you bite your tongue?
It hurts badly when I bite my tongue.
How much does it hurt when you bite your tongue?
How much does it hurt when you bite your tongue?
It hurts badly when I bite my tongue.
When you bite your tongue, do you run to the hospital?
No, when I bite my tongue, I don't run to the hospital.
Do you like to go for a run in the rain?
No, I don't like to go for a run in the rain.
Do you like to go for a run in the rain?
Do you take a shower after running in the rain?
Yes, I take a shower after running in the rain.
Do you go to work without taking a shower after running?
No, I don't go to work without taking a shower after running.
Do you go to work without taking a shower after running?
Do you go to work without taking a shower after running?
No, I don't go to work without taking a shower after running.
Do you smell awesome if you don't take a shower after running?
No, I don't smell awesome if I don't take a shower after running.
Do you smell badly if you don't take a shower after running?
Yes, I smell badly if I don't take a shower after running.
How do you smell if you don't take a shower after running?
I smell badly if I don't take a shower after running.
How do you smell if you don't take a shower after running?
I smell badly if I don't take a shower after running.
Do you like to listen to music when you're running?
Yes, I like to listen to music when I'm running.
What do you like to do when you're running?
I like to listen to music when I'm running.
Are there any snakes in the park?
No, there aren't any snakes in the park.
Do you think there aren't, or do you know there aren't?
I think there aren't.
If you see a sleeping snake, is it a good idea to hit it with your foot?
No, if I see sleeping snake, it's not a good idea to hit it with my foot.
If you see a sleeping snake, is it a terrible idea to hit it with your foot?
Yes, if I see a sleeping snake, it's a terrible idea to hit it with my foot.
Can a snack bite you if you hit it with your foot?
Yes, a snake can bite me if I hit it with my foot.
What can a snake do if you hit it with your foot?
A snake can bite me if I hit it with my foot.
What can a snake do if you hit it with your foot?
Do you want to go for a run in a park full of snakes?
No, I don't want to go for a run in a park full of snakes.
Can a snake bite you if you run in a park full of snakes?
Yes, a snake can bite me if I run in a park full of snakes.
Why is it a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes?
It's a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes because they can bite me.
Why is it a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes?
Why is it a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes?
It's a bad idea to run in a park full of snakes because they can bite me.
Do you sleep in this park?
No, I don't sleep in this park.
Do you see some homeless people sleeping in this park?
Yes, I see some homeless people sleeping in this park.
Why do they sleep in the park?
They sleep in the park because they don't have a home.
Why don't you sleep in the park?
I don't sleep in the park because I have a home.
Do you sometimes walk in your sleep?
Yes, I sometimes walk in my sleep.
Do you sometimes walk in your sleep?
How many fridges do you have at home?
I have one fridge at home.
How many fridges do you have at home?
Is your fridge in the bathroom?
No, my fridge isn't in the bathroom.
Where is it?
It's in the kitchen.
Do you put food in your fridge to make it cold?
Yes, I put food in my fridge to make it cold.
Why do you put food in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge to make it cold.
Do you like to sleep in your fridge when it's very hot in summer?
No, I don't like to sleep in my fridge when it's very hot in summer.
Why not?
Because it's too cold in the fridge.
Why don't you like to sleep in the fridge in summer?
I don't like to sleep in the fridge in summer because it's too cold in the fridge.
Why don't you like to sleep in the fridge in summer?
Does your company pay you a salary?
Yes, my company pays me a salary.
Do you think your salary is good enough?
No, I don't think my salary is good enough.
Do you think your salary is too small?
Yes, I think my salary is too small.
Do you get minimum wage?
No, I don't get minimum wage.
Good for a start.
Do you know anyone who gets minimum wage?
Yes, I know someone who gets minimum wage.
Are there any people at this office who get minimum wage?
Yes, there are a lot of people at this office who get minimum wage.
Is it easy to live on minimum wage?
No, it's not easy to live on minimum wage.
Is it difficult to live on minimum wage?
Yes, it's difficult to live on minimum wage.
Can you buy everything you want if you get minimum wage?
No, I can't buy everything I want if I get minimum wage.
Unless there are just a few things in life that you want.
Can you buy an expensive car if you get minimum wage?
No, I can't buy an expensive car if I get minimum wage.
Can you rent a big apartment if you get minimum wage?
No, I can't rent a big apartment if I get minimum wage.
If you're not happy with your salary, is it a good idea to work at this company?
No, if I'm not happy with my salary, it's not a good idea to work at this company.
If you're not happy with your salary, is it a good idea to find another job?
Yes, I'm not happy with my salary, it's a good idea to find another job.
What do you have to do if you're not happy with your salary?
If I'm not happy with my salary, I have to find another job.
What do you have to do if you're not happy with your salary?
If I'm not happy with my salary, I have to find another job.
Do you work 24/7?
No, I don't work 24/7.
Does "24/7" mean 24 hours a day, 7 days a week?
Yes, 24/7 means 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
What does 24/7 mean?
24/7 means 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
What does 24/7 mean?
Do you want to work 24/7 for a very good salary?
No, I don't want to work 24/7 for a very good salary.
Can anybody work 24/7?
No, nobody can work 24/7.
Can anybody work 24/7?
Can anybody work 24/7?
No, nobody can work 24/7.
If you work 24/7, do you have time to eat?
No, if I work 24/7, I don't have time to eat.
If you work 24/7, do you have time to sleep?
No, if I work 24/7, I don't have time to sleep.
If you work 24/7, do you have time to hang out with your friends somewhere?
No, if I work 24/7, I don't have time to hang out with my friends anywhere.
Do you have time for anything, if you work 24/7?
No, I don't have time for anything if I work 24/7.
What do you have time for it you work 24/7?
I don't have time for anything if I work 24/7.
What do you have time for it you work 24/7?
What do you have time for it you work 24/7?
I don't have time for anything if I work 24/7.
How many hours a day do you work?
I work 8 hours a day.
Do you have a little work to do during the day?
No, I don't have a little work to do during the day.
Do you have a lot of work to do during the day?
Yes, I have a lot of work to do during the day.
Do you get really tired when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I get really tired when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you want to have some rest when you're tired?
Yes, I want to have some rest when I'm tired.
Do you want to work a lot when you're tired?
No, I don't want to work a lot when I'm tired.
What do you want to do when you're tired?
I want to have some rest when I'm tired.
What do you want to do when you're tired?
Are you thirsty now?
Yes, I'm thirsty now.
When you say you're thirsty, does it mean you want to eat some junk food?
No, when I say I'm thirsty, it doesn't mean I want to eat some junk food.
When you say you're thirsty, does it mean you want to watch a movie?
No, when I say I'm thirsty, it doesn't mean I want to watch a movie.
When you say you're thirsty, does it mean you want something to drink?
Yes, when I say I'm thirsty, it means I want something to drink.
What does it mean when you say you're thirsty?
When I say I'm thirsty, it means I want something to drink.
What does it mean when you say you're thirsty?
What does it mean when you say you're thirsty?
When I say I'm thirsty, it means I want something to drink.
Do you prefer a soft drink, or an alcoholic drink when you're very thirsty?
Sometimes I prefer a soft drink, and sometimes I prefer an alcoholic drink when I'm very thirsty.
Do you want a soft drink, or an alcoholic drink now?
I want a soft drink now.
Do you know exactly what you want to drink now?
Yes, I know exactly what I want to drink now.
Do you know exactly what you want to drink now?
What do you want to drink now?
I want to drink some water now.
Is beer a soft drink?
No, beer isn't a soft drink.
Is beer an alcoholic drink?
Yes, beer is an alcoholic drink.
Can you drive a car after drinking a lot of beer?
No, I can't drive a car after drinking a lot of beer.
Don't drive being drunk.
Take a bus.
Or the Subway.
Or a taxi.
A family
A parent
Mother
Father
A sibling
Sister
Brother
To push
To pull
Angry
To feel
Better
Make somebody do something.
It makes me feel better.
How does it make you feel?
Are you going anywhere now?
Yes, I'm going somewhere now.
Are you going to a grocery store?
No, I'm not going to a grocery store.
Are you going to a movie theater?
No, I'm not going to a movie theatre.
Are you going to work?
No, I'm not going to work.
Where are you going?
I'm going to college.
Are you on the bus?
No, I'm not on the bus.
Are you on the Subway?
Yes, I'm on the Subway.
Are there any people on the Subway now?
Yes, there are some people on the Subway now.
Is the Subway crowded now?
Yes, the Subway is crowded now.
Why?
Because it's rush hour.
Why is the Subway crowded now?
The Subway is crowded now because it's rush hour.
Why is the Subway crowded now?
Do people often push you on a crowded train?
Yes, people often push me on a crowded train.
Do you like it when people push you on a crowded train?
No, I don't like it when people push me on a crowded train.
Does it drive you crazy when people push you on a crowded train?
Yes, it drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
If people push you, does it make you feel better if you push them too?
No, if people push me, it doesn't make me feel better if I push them too.
Is that your family?
Yes, that's my family.
Do you have both parents?
Yes, I have both parents.
What's your mother's name?
My mother's name is Lisa.
What's your father's name?
My father's name is Joe.
Do you live with your parents?
Yes, I live with my parents.
Who do you live with?
I live with my parents.
Who do you live with?
Do you want to rent an apartment and live without your parents?
Yes, I want to rent an apartment and live without my parents.
Can you rent an apartment?
No, I can't rent an apartment
Why not?
Because I don't earn money.
Why can't you rent an apartment?
I can't rent an apartment because I don't earn money.
Are your parents going to college with you?
No, my parents aren't going to college with me.
Are your parents going to work?
Yes, my parents are going to work.
Where are your parents going?
My parents are going to work.
Where are your parents going?
Are those your friends?
No, those aren't my friends.
Are they your siblings?
Yes, they are my siblings.
Who are they?
They are my siblings.
How many siblings do you have?
I have 2 siblings.
Is this your sister?
Yes, this is my sister.
Does she have a name?
Yes, she has a name.
What's your sister's name?
My sister's name is Susan.
Do your parents make a lot of money?
No, my parents don't make a lot of money.
Can your parents buy you an expensive car?
No, my parents can't buy me an expensive car.
Can your parents buy you a cheap car?
No, my parents can't buy me a cheap car.
Can your parents buy you any car?
No, my parents can't buy me any car.
Why do you think your parents don't make a lot of money?
I think my parents don't make a lot of money because they can't buy me a car.
Do you take your lunch with you to college?
Yes, I take my lunch with me to college.
Do you have anything to eat at college when you get hungry?
Yes, I have something to eat at college when I get hungry.
What do you eat at college when you get hungry?
I eat my lunch at college when I get hungry.
Can you eat your sandwich during the class?
No, I can't eat my sandwich during the class.
Do teachers like it when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
No, teachers don't like it when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
Does it make teachers happy when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
No, it doesn't make teachers happy when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
Does it make teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
Yes, It makes teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
How does it make teachers feel when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
It makes teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
How does it make teachers feel when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
Do you feel hungry if you don't eat anything for 24 hours?
Yes, I feel hungry if I don't eat anything for 24 hours.
Can you get angry if you don't eat anything for 24 hours?
Yes, I can get angry if I don't eat anything for 24 hours.
Do you go to work every day?
No, I don't go to work everyday.
How many days a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 days a week.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you have a lot of work to do everyday?
Yes, I have a lot of work to do every day.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
How do you feel when you work a lot
I get tired when I work a lot?
How do you feel when you work a lot?
Do you have any toes?
Yes, I have some toes.
How many toes do you have?
I have 10 toes.
Do you sometimes hit the table with your toe?
Yes, I sometimes hit the table with my toe.
Do you like it when you hit the table with your toe?
No, I don't like it when I hit the table with my toe.
Does it hurt when you hit the table with your toe?
Yes, it hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
It hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
It hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
Do you live in this office?
No, I don't live in this office.
Do you think this office is a nice place to live?
No, I think this office isn't a nice place to live.
Do you always have something to do in the office?
No, I don't always have something to do in the office.
If you have nothing to do in the office, do you like to drink coffee?
Yes, I have nothing to do in the office, I like to drink coffee.
If you have nothing to do in the office, do you like to listen to music?
Yes, if I have nothing to do in the office, I like to listen to music.
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
I like to drink coffee and listen to music when I have nothing to do in the office.
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
I like to drink coffee and listen to music when I have nothing to do in the office.
Do you get minimum wage working in this office?
No, I don't get minimum wage working in this office.
Is your salary enough to pay your rent?
Yes, my salary is enough to pay my rent.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at the table all day?
No, I can't make a Lot of money by sleeping at the table all day.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at the table all day?
Can you make a lot of money by hanging out with your friends all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by hanging out with my friends all day.
Can you make a lot of money by drinking beer all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by drinking beer all day.
Is beer a soft drink?
No, beer isn't a soft drink.
Is beer an alcoholic drink?
Yes, beer is an alcoholic drink.
Do you like to drink cold beer in summer, when it's very hot?
Yes, I like to drink cold beer in summer when it's very hot.
What do you like to drink in summer when it's very hot?
I like to drink cold beer in summer when it's very hot.
What do you like to drink in summer when it's very hot?
----‐------------------------------------------------------