Is it usually cold in summer?
No, It's not usually cold in summer.
Is it usually hot in summer?
Yes, it's usually hot in summer.
How's the weather in summer?
The weather is hot in summer.
Can you always predict the weather?
No, I can't always predict the weather.
If you can't predict the weather, does it mean the weather is unpredictable?
Yes, if I can't predict the weather, it means the weather is unpredictable.
What does it mean if you can't predict the weather?
If I can't predict the weather, it means the weather is unpredictable.
Is it snowing now?
No, it's not snowing now.
Is it raining now?
Yes, it's raining now.
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
How's the weather now?
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
Is there anyone in the park now?
No, there isn't anyone in the park now.
Why not?
Because it's raining.
So why is there nobody in the park now?
There is nobody in the park now because it's raining.
Do you stay dry if you run in the rain?
No, I don't stay dry if I run in the rain.
Do you get wet if you run in the rain?
Yes, I get wet if I run in the rain.
Are you getting wet now?
Yes I'm getting wet now.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why are you getting wet?
I'm getting wet because it's raining.
Are we both getting wet?
Yes, we are both getting wet.
Do you sleep in this park?
No, I don't sleep in this park.
Do you see some homeless people sleeping in this park?
Yes, I see some homeless people sleeping in this park.
Why do they sleep in the park?
They sleep in the park because they don't have a home.
Why don't you sleep in the park?
I don't sleep in the park because I have a home.
Do you sometimes walk in your sleep?
Yes, I sometimes walk in my sleep.
Do you sometimes walk in your sleep?
How many fridges do you have at home?
I have one fridge at home.
How many fridges do you have at home?
Is your fridge in the bathroom?
No, my fridge isn't in the bathroom.
Where is it?
It's in the kitchen.
Do you put food in your fridge to make it cold?
Yes, I put food in my fridge to make it cold.
Why do you put food in your fridge?
I put food in my fridge to make it cold.
Do you like to sleep in your fridge when it's very hot in summer?
No, I don't like to sleep in my fridge when it's very hot in summer.
Why not?
Because it's too cold in the fridge.
Why don't you like to sleep in the fridge in summer?
I don't like to sleep in the fridge in summer because it's too cold in the fridge.
Why don't you like to sleep in the fridge in summer?
Do you work at this company?
Yes, I work at this company.
Are you the boss here?
No, I'm not the boss here.
Do you have a boss?
Yes, I have a boss.
Does your boss tell you what to do every day?
Yes, my boss tells me what to do everyday.
Do you always like to do what your boss tells you to do?
No, I don't always like to do what my boss tells me to do.
Do you have to do everything your boss tells you to do?
Yes, I have to do everything my boss tells me to do.
Do you work 9 to 5?
Yes, I work 9 to 5.
Can you leave your office at 3 PM when you want to?
No, I can't leave my office at 3 PM when I want to.
Can you leave your office at 3 PM when you want to?
Can you come to work at 11 AM when you don't want to come at 9?
No, I can't come to work at 11 AM when I don't Want to come at 9 AM.
You can't just show up to 2 hours late.
Unless you don't want to work here anymore.
Can you leave your work and go to the movies if you don't want to do what your boss tells you to do?
No, I can't leave my work and go to the movies if I don't want to do what my boss tells me to do.
Can you make a lot of money by watching movies all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by watching movies all day.
Can you sleep at your table when you don't want to do what your boss tells you to do?
No, I can't sleep at my table when I Don't want to do what my boss tells me to do.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at your table all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by sleeping at my table all day.
Can you stand up and go for a run if you don't want to do what your boss tells you to do?
No, I can't stand up and go for a run if I don't want to do what my boss tells me to do.
What do you have to do at work?
I have to do what my boss tells me to do at work.
What do you have to do at work?
What do you have to do at work?
I have to do what my boss tells me to do at work.
Are you thirsty now?
Yes, I'm thirsty now.
When you say you're thirsty, does it mean you want to eat some junk food?
No, when I say I'm thirsty, it doesn't mean I want to eat some junk food.
When you say you're thirsty, does it mean you want to watch a movie?
No, when I say I'm thirsty, it doesn't mean I want to watch a movie.
When you say you're thirsty, does it mean you want something to drink?
Yes, when I say I'm thirsty, it means I want something to drink.
What does it mean when you say you're thirsty?
When I say I'm thirsty, it means I want something to drink.
What does it mean when you say you're thirsty?
What does it mean when you say you're thirsty?
When I say I'm thirsty, it means I want something to drink.
Do you prefer a soft drink, or an alcoholic drink when you're very thirsty?
Sometimes I prefer a soft drink, and sometimes I prefer an alcoholic drink when I'm very thirsty.
Do you want a soft drink, or an alcoholic drink now?
I want a soft drink now.
Do you know exactly what you want to drink now?
Yes, I know exactly what I want to drink now.
Do you know exactly what you want to drink now?
What do you want to drink now?
I want to drink some water now.
Is beer a soft drink?
No, beer isn't a soft drink.
Is beer an alcoholic drink?
Yes, beer is an alcoholic drink.
Can you drive a car after drinking a lot of beer?
No, I can't drive a car after drinking a lot of beer.
Don't drive being drunk.
Take a bus.
Or the Subway.
Or taxi.
Do you work 24/7?
No, I don't work 24/7.
Does "24/7" mean 24 hours a day, 7 days a week?
Yes, 24/7 means 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
What does 24/7 mean?
24/7 means 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
What does 24/7 mean?
Do you want to work 24/7 for a very good salary?
No, I don't want to work 24/7 for a very good salary.
Can anybody work 24/7?
No, nobody can work 24/7.
Can anybody work 24/7?
Can anybody work 24/7?
No, nobody can work 24/7.
If you work 24/7, do you have time to eat?
No, if I work 24/7, I don't have time to eat.
If you work 24/7, do you have time to sleep?
No, if I work 24/7, I don't have time to sleep.
If you work 24/7, do you have time to hang out with your friends somewhere?
No, if I work 24/7, I don't have time to hang out with my friends anywhere.
Do you have time for anything, if you work 24/7?
No, I don't have time for anything if I work 24/7.
What do you have time for it you work 24/7?
I don't have time for anything if I work 24/7.
What do you have time for it you work 24/7?
What do you have time for it you work 24/7?
I don't have time for anything if I work 24/7.
How many hours a day do you work?
I work 8 hours a day.
Do you have a little work to do during the day?
No, I don't have a little work to do during the day.
Do you have a lot of work to do during the day?
Yes, I have a lot of work to do during the day.
Do you get really tired when you have a lot of work to do?
Yes, I get really tired when I have a lot of work to do.
Do you want to have some rest when you're tired?
Yes, I want to have some rest when I'm tired.
Do you want to work a lot when you're tired?
No, I don't want to work a lot when I'm tired.
What do you want to do when you're tired?
I want to have some rest when I'm tired.
What do you want to do when you're tired?
Do you live in this office?
No, I don't live in this office.
Do you think this office is a nice place to live?
No, I think this office isn't a nice place to live.
Do you always have something to do in the office?
No, I don't always have something to do in the office.
If you have nothing to do in the office, do you like to drink coffee?
Yes, I have nothing to do in the office, I like to drink coffee.
If you have nothing to do in the office, do you like to listen to music?
Yes, if I have nothing to do in the office, I like to listen to music.
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
I like to drink coffee and listen to music when I have nothing to do in the office.
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
I like to drink coffee and listen to music when I have nothing to do in the office.
Do you get minimum wage working in this office?
No, I don't get minimum wage working in this office.
Is your salary enough to pay your rent?
Yes, my salary is enough to pay my rent.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at the table all day?
No, I can't make a Lot of money by sleeping at the table all day.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at the table all day?
Can you make a lot of money by hanging out with your friends all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by hanging out with my friends all day.
Can you make a lot of money by drinking beer all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by drinking beer all day.
Is beer a soft drink?
No, beer isn't a soft drink.
Is beer an alcoholic drink?
Yes, beer is an alcoholic drink.
Do you like to drink cold beer in summer, when it's very hot?
Yes, I like to drink cold beer in summer when it's very hot.
What do you like to drink in summer when it's very hot?
I like to drink cold beer in summer when it's very hot.
What do you like to drink in summer when it's very hot?
Are you going anywhere now?
Yes, I'm going somewhere now.
Are you going to a grocery store?
No, I'm not going to a grocery store.
Are you going to a movie theater?
No, I'm not going to a movie theatre.
Are you going to work?
No, I'm not going to work.
Where are you going?
I'm going to college.
Are you on the bus?
No, I'm not on the bus.
Are you on the Subway?
Yes, I'm on the Subway.
Are there any people on the Subway now?
Yes, there are some people on the Subway now.
Is the Subway crowded now?
Yes, the Subway is crowded now.
Why?
Because it's rush hour.
Why is the Subway crowded now?
The Subway is crowded now because it's rush hour.
Why is the Subway crowded now?
Do people often push you on a crowded train?
Yes, people often push me on a crowded train.
Do you like it when people push you on a crowded train?
No, I don't like it when people push me on a crowded train.
Does it drive you crazy when people push you on a crowded train?
Yes, it drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
If people push you, does it make you feel better if you push them too?
No, if people push me, it doesn't make me feel better if I push them too.
Is that your family?
Yes, that's my family.
Do you have both parents?
Yes, I have both parents.
What's your mother's name?
My mother's name is Lisa.
What's your father's name?
My father's name is Joe.
Do you live with your parents?
Yes, I live with my parents.
Who do you live with?
I live with my parents.
Who do you live with?
Do you want to rent an apartment and live without your parents?
Yes, I want to rent an apartment and live without my parents.
Can you rent an apartment?
No, I can't rent an apartment
Why not?
Because I don't earn money.
Why can't you rent an apartment?
I can't rent an apartment because I don't earn money.
Are your parents going to college with you?
No, my parents aren't going to college with me.
Are your parents going to work?
Yes, my parents are going to work.
Where are your parents going?
My parents are going to work.
Where are your parents going?
Are those your friends?
No, those aren't my friends.
Are they your siblings?
Yes, they are my siblings.
Who are they?
They are my siblings.
How many siblings do you have?
I have 2 siblings.
Is this your sister?
Yes, this is my sister.
Does she have a name?
Yes, she has a name.
What's your sister's name?
My sister's name is Susan.
Do your parents make a lot of money?
No, my parents don't make a lot of money.
Can your parents buy you an expensive car?
No, my parents can't buy me an expensive car.
Can your parents buy you a cheap car?
No, my parents can't buy me a cheap car.
Can your parents buy you any car?
No, my parents can't buy me any car.
Why do you think your parents don't make a lot of money?
I think my parents don't make a lot of money because they can't buy me a car.
Do you take your lunch with you to college?
Yes, I take my lunch with me to college.
Do you have anything to eat at college when you get hungry?
Yes, I have something to eat at college when I get hungry.
What do you eat at college when you get hungry?
I eat my lunch at college when I get hungry.
Can you eat your sandwich during the class?
No, I can't eat my sandwich during the class.
Do teachers like it when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
No, teachers don't like it when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
Does it make teachers happy when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
No, it doesn't make teachers happy when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
Does it make teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
Yes, It makes teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
How does it make teachers feel when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
It makes teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
How does it make teachers feel when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
Do you feel hungry if you don't eat anything for 24 hours?
Yes, I feel hungry if I don't eat anything for 24 hours.
Can you get angry if you don't eat anything for 24 hours?
Yes, I can get angry if I don't eat anything for 24 hours.
Do you go to work every day?
No, I don't go to work everyday.
How many days a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 days a week.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you have a lot of work to do everyday?
Yes, I have a lot of work to do every day.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
How do you feel when you work a lot
I get tired when I work a lot?
How do you feel when you work a lot?
Do you have any toes?
Yes, I have some toes.
How many toes do you have?
I have 10 toes.
Do you sometimes hit the table with your toe?
Yes, I sometimes hit the table with my toe.
Do you like it when you hit the table with your toe?
No, I don't like it when I hit the table with my toe.
Does it hurt when you hit the table with your toe?
Yes, it hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
It hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
It hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
A pet
An animal
A dog
A cat
A paper
Long
Short
Immediately
To bring
To try
A grade
A library
School
High school
Are you stuck in the elevator now?
No, I'm not stuck in the elevator now.
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator when you leave school?
No, I don't want to get stuck in the elevator when I leave school.
Are you in the class now?
No, I'm not in the class now.
Are you sitting in the school library now?
Yes, I'm sitting in the school library now.
Are you here because you're writing a paper?
Yes, I'm here because I'm writing a paper.
What are you sitting in the library?
I'm sitting in the library because I'm writing a paper.
Why are you sitting in the library?
Do you teachers make you write long papers everyday?
No, my teachers don't make me write long papers every day.
Do you teachers make you write long papers every week?
Yes, my teachers make me write long papers every week.
What do you teachers make you do every week?
My teachers make me write long papers every week.
When your teacher tells you to write a paper, do you immediately run to the library?
No, when my teacher tells me to write a paper, I don't immediately run to the library.
When your teacher tells you to write a paper, is it a good idea to start writing immediately?
Yes, when my teacher tell me to write a paper, it's a good idea to start writing immediately.
Do you love to sit in the library and write long papers?
No, I don't love to sit in the library and write long papers.
But why do you do that?
Because my teachers make me.
Why do you do that?
Because my teachers make me.
If you don't write your paper, does the teacher give you a good grade?
No, if I don't write my paper, the teacher doesn't give me a good grade.
If you don't write your paper, Does the teacher give you a bad grade?
Yes, if I don't write my paper, the teacher gives me a bad grade.
Is it your prediction, or do you know that exactly?
I know that exactly.
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
The teacher gives me a bad grade if I don't write my paper.
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
The teacher gives me a bad grade if I don't write my paper.
If you're stuck in the elevator, is it a good idea to push the door really hard?
No, if I'm stuck in the elevator, it's not a good idea to push the door really hard.
If you're stuck in the elevator, is it a good idea to hit the door with your head really hard?
No, if I'm stuck in the elevator, it's not a good idea to hit the door with my head really hard.
Are you an animal, or a person?
I'm a person.
Is a cat an animal, or a person?
A cat is an animal.
Is a dog a person?
No, a dog isn't a person.
What is it?
It's an animal.
Do you have any pets at your place?
Yes I have a pet at my place.
What pet do you have at your place?
I have a dog at my place.
Is it a he, or a she?
It's a she.
Does your dog sometimes bite you?
Yes, my dog sometimes bites me.
Do you like it when your dog bites you?
No, I don't like it when my dog bites me.
When your dog bites you, do you bite her back?
No, when my dog bites me, I don't bite her back.
Does it make you feel good if you bite your dog after she bites you?
No, it doesn't make me feel good if I bite my dog after she bites me.
Can you bring your dog to school?
No, I can't bring my dog to school
Does your dog have long hair?
No, my dog doesn't have long hair.
Does your dog have short hair?
Yes, my dog has short hair.
What hair does your dog have?
My dog has short hair.
Can your dog's hair get stuck in your eye?
Yes, my dog's hair can get stuck my eye.
Do you like it when something gets stuck in your eye?
No, I don't like it when something gets stuck in my eye.
Does it hurt a little if something gets stuck in your eye?
No, it doesn't hurt a little if something gets stuck in my eye.
Does it hurt badly if something gets stuck in your eye?
Yes, it hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye.
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
It hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye.
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
If something gets stuck in your eye, do you immediately try to get it out?
Yes, if something gets stuck in my eye, I immediately try to get it out.
Why?
Because it hurts when something is stuck in my eye.
If you can't get it out, do you run to the hospital?
Yes, if I can't get it out, I run to the hospital.
What do you do if something gets stuck in your eye and you can't get it out?
If something gets stuck in my eye and I can't get it out, I run to the hospital.
Is your dog homeless?
No, my dog is not homeless.
Does she have a place to live?
Yes, she has a place to live.
If a dog doesn't have a place to live, do we call this dog homeless?
Yes, if a dog doesn't have a place to live, we call this dog homeless.
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
We call a dog that doesn't have a place to live homeless.
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
We call a dog that doesn't have a place to live homeless.
Do you eat snakes ?
No, I don't eat snakes.
Can you cook snakes?
No, I can't cook snakes.
Do you think there are some snakes in this park?
Yes, I think there are some snakes in this park.
If you see a sleeping snake, is it a good idea to hit it with something heavy?
No, if I see a sleeping snake, it's not a good idea to hit it with something heavy.
Can a snake bite you if you try to hit it with something heavy?
Yes, a snake can bite me if I try to hit it with something heavy.
What can a snake do if you try to hit it with something heavy?
A snake can bite me if I try to hit it with something heavy.
If a snake bites you, is it a good idea to try to bite it back?
No, if a snake bites me, it's not a good idea to try to bite it back.
If a snake bites you, do you have to take a shower immediately?
No, if a snake bites me, I don't have to take a shower immediately.
If a snake bites you, do you have to go to the hospital immediately?
Yes, if a snake bites me, I have to go to the hospital immediately.
What do you immediately have to do if a snake bites you?
I immediately have to go to the hospital if a snake bites me.
Do you have a pet snake at your place?
No, I don't have a pet snake at my place.
Do you want to have a pet snake at your place?
No, I don't want to have a pet snake at my place.
----‐------------------------------------------------------