Do you like to hang out at the bar after work?
Yes, I sometimes like to hang out at the bar after work.
Do you usually drink green tea at the bar?
No, I don't usually drink green tea at the bar.
Do you usually drink coffee at the bar?
No, I don't usually drink coffee at the bar.
Do you usually drink beer at the bar?
Yes, I usually drink beer at the bar.
What do you usually drink at the bar?
I usually drink beer at the bar.
What do you usually drink at the bar?
Does beer grow on trees?
No, beer doesn't grow on trees.
Do people make beer?
Yes, People make beer.
Do you know how they make beer?
No, I don't know how they make beer.
Do you want to learn to make beer?
Yes, I want to learn to make beer.
Do you want to start selling beer for money?
No, I don't want to start selling beer for money.
Do you think you can make a lot money by selling beer?
No, I don't think I can make a lot of money by selling beer.
Do you live in this office?
No, I don't live in this office.
Do you think this office is a nice place to live?
No, I think this office isn't a nice place to live.
Do you always have something to do in the office?
No, I don't always have something to do in the office.
If you have nothing to do in the office, do you like to drink coffee?
Yes, I have nothing to do in the office, I like to drink coffee.
If you have nothing to do in the office, do you like to listen to music?
Yes, if I have nothing to do in the office, I like to listen to music.
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
I like to drink coffee and listen to music when I have nothing to do in the office.
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
What do you like to do when you have nothing to do in the office?
I like to drink coffee and listen to music when I have nothing to do in the office.
Do you get minimum wage working in this office?
No, I don't get minimum wage working in this office.
Is your salary enough to pay your rent?
Yes, my salary is enough to pay my rent.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at the table all day?
No, I can't make a Lot of money by sleeping at the table all day.
Can you make a lot of money by sleeping at the table all day?
Can you make a lot of money by hanging out with your friends all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by hanging out with my friends all day.
Can you make a lot of money by drinking beer all day?
No, I can't make a lot of money by drinking beer all day.
Is beer a soft drink?
No, beer isn't a soft drink.
Is beer an alcoholic drink?
Yes, beer is an alcoholic drink.
Do you like to drink cold beer in summer, when it's very hot?
Yes, I like to drink cold beer in summer when it's very hot.
What do you like to drink in summer when it's very hot?
I like to drink cold beer in summer when it's very hot.
What do you like to drink in summer when it's very hot?
Do you go to work every day?
No, I don't go to work everyday.
How many days a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 days a week.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
On which days do you go to work?
I go to work Monday to Friday.
Do you have a lot of work to do everyday?
Yes, I have a lot of work to do every day.
Do you get tired when you work a lot?
Yes, I get tired when I work a lot.
How do you feel when you work a lot
I get tired when I work a lot?
How do you feel when you work a lot?
Do you have any toes?
Yes, I have some toes.
How many toes do you have?
I have 10 toes.
Do you sometimes hit the table with your toe?
Yes, I sometimes hit the table with my toe.
Do you like it when you hit the table with your toe?
No, I don't like it when I hit the table with my toe.
Does it hurt when you hit the table with your toe?
Yes, it hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
It hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
How does it feel when you hit the table with your toe?
It hurts when I hit the table with my toe.
Are you going anywhere now?
Yes, I'm going somewhere now.
Are you going to a grocery store?
No, I'm not going to a grocery store.
Are you going to a movie theater?
No, I'm not going to a movie theatre.
Are you going to work?
No, I'm not going to work.
Where are you going?
I'm going to college.
Are you on the bus?
No, I'm not on the bus.
Are you on the Subway?
Yes, I'm on the Subway.
Are there any people on the Subway now?
Yes, there are some people on the Subway now.
Is the Subway crowded now?
Yes, the Subway is crowded now.
Why?
Because it's rush hour.
Why is the Subway crowded now?
The Subway is crowded now because it's rush hour.
Why is the Subway crowded now?
Do people often push you on a crowded train?
Yes, people often push me on a crowded train.
Do you like it when people push you on a crowded train?
No, I don't like it when people push me on a crowded train.
Does it drive you crazy when people push you on a crowded train?
Yes, it drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train.
If people push you, does it make you feel better if you push them too?
No, if people push me, it doesn't make me feel better if I push them too.
Is that your family?
Yes, that's my family.
Do you have both parents?
Yes, I have both parents.
What's your mother's name?
My mother's name is Lisa.
What's your father's name?
My father's name is Joe.
Do you live with your parents?
Yes, I live with my parents.
Who do you live with?
I live with my parents.
Who do you live with?
Do you want to rent an apartment and live without your parents?
Yes, I want to rent an apartment and live without my parents.
Can you rent an apartment?
No, I can't rent an apartment.
Why not?
Because I don't earn money.
Why can't you rent an apartment?
I can't rent an apartment because I don't earn money.
Are your parents going to college with you?
No, my parents aren't going to college with me.
Are your parents going to work?
Yes, my parents are going to work.
Where are your parents going?
My parents are going to work.
Where are your parents going?
Are those your friends?
No, those aren't my friends.
Are they your siblings?
Yes, they are my siblings.
Who are they?
They are my siblings.
How many siblings do you have?
I have 2 siblings.
Is this your sister?
Yes, this is my sister.
Does she have a name?
Yes, she has a name.
What's your sister's name?
My sister's name is Susan.
Do your parents make a lot of money?
No, my parents don't make a lot of money.
Can your parents buy you an expensive car?
No, my parents can't buy me an expensive car.
Can your parents buy you a cheap car?
No, my parents can't buy me a cheap car.
Can your parents buy you any car?
No, my parents can't buy me any car.
Why do you think your parents don't make a lot of money?
I think my parents don't make a lot of money because they can't buy me a car.
Do you eat snakes ?
No, I don't eat snakes.
Can you cook snakes?
No, I can't cook snakes.
Do you think there are some snakes in this park?
Yes, I think there are some snakes in this park.
If you see a sleeping snake, is it a good idea to hit it with something heavy?
No, if I see a sleeping snake, it's not a good idea to hit it with something heavy.
Can a snake bite you if you try to hit it with something heavy?
Yes, a snake can bite me if I try to hit it with something heavy.
What can a snake do if you try to hit it with something heavy?
A snake can bite me if I try to hit it with something heavy.
If a snake bites you, is it a good idea to try to bite it back?
No, if a snake bites me, it's not a good idea to try to bite it back.
If a snake bites you, do you have to take a shower immediately?
No, if a snake bites me, I don't have to take a shower immediately.
If a snake bites you, do you have to go to the hospital immediately?
Yes, if a snake bites me, I have to go to the hospital immediately.
What do you immediately have to do if a snake bites you?
I immediately have to go to the hospital if a snake bites me.
Do you have a pet snake at your place?
No, I don't have a pet snake at my place.
Do you want to have a pet snake at your place?
No, I don't want to have a pet snake at my place.
If you're stuck in the elevator, is it a good idea to push the door really hard?
No, if I'm stuck in the elevator, it's not a good idea to push the door really hard.
If you're stuck in the elevator, is it a good idea to hit the door with your head really hard?
No, if I'm stuck in the elevator, it's not a good idea to hit the door with my head really hard.
Are you an animal, or a person?
I'm a person.
Is a cat an animal, or a person?
A cat is an animal.
Is a dog a person?
No, a dog isn't a person.
What is it?
It's an animal.
Do you have any pets at your place?
Yes I have a pet at my place.
What pet do you have at your place?
I have a dog at my place.
Is it a he, or a she?
It's a she.
Does your dog sometimes bite you?
Yes, my dog sometimes bites me.
Do you like it when your dog bites you?
No, I don't like it when my dog bites me.
When your dog bites you, do you bite her back?
No, when my dog bites me, I don't bite her back.
Does it make you feel good if you bite your dog after she bites you?
No, it doesn't make me feel good if I bite my dog after she bites me.
Are you stuck in the elevator now?
No, I'm not stuck in the elevator now.
Do you want to get stuck in the elevator when you leave school?
No, I don't want to get stuck in the elevator when I leave school.
Are you in the class now?
No, I'm not in the class now.
Are you sitting in the school library now?
Yes, I'm sitting in the school library now.
Are you here because you're writing a paper?
Yes, I'm here because I'm writing a paper.
What are you sitting in the library?
I'm sitting in the library because I'm writing a paper.
Why are you sitting in the library?
Do you teachers make you write long papers everyday?
No, my teachers don't make me write long papers every day.
Do you teachers make you write long papers every week?
Yes, my teachers make me write long papers every week.
What do you teachers make you do every week?
My teachers make me write long papers every week.
When your teacher tells you to write a paper, do you immediately run to the library?
No, when my teacher tells me to write a paper, I don't immediately run to the library.
When your teacher tells you to write a paper, is it a good idea to start writing immediately?
Yes, when my teacher tell me to write a paper, it's a good idea to start writing immediately.
Do you love to sit in the library and write long papers?
No, I don't love to sit in the library and write long papers.
But why do you do that?
Because my teachers make me.
Why do you do that?
Because my teachers make me.
If you don't write your paper, does the teacher give you a good grade?
No, if I don't write my paper, the teacher doesn't give me a good grade.
If you don't write your paper, Does the teacher give you a bad grade?
Yes, if I don't write my paper, the teacher gives me a bad grade.
Is it your prediction, or do you know that exactly?
I know that exactly.
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
The teacher gives me a bad grade if I don't write my paper.
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
The teacher gives me a bad grade if I don't write my paper.
Can you bring your dog to school?
No, I can't bring my dog to school
Does your dog have long hair?
No, my dog doesn't have long hair.
Does your dog have short hair?
Yes, my dog has short hair.
What hair does your dog have?
My dog has short hair.
Can your dog's hair get stuck in your eye?
Yes, my dog's hair can get stuck my eye.
Do you like it when something gets stuck in your eye?
No, I don't like it when something gets stuck in my eye.
Does it hurt a little if something gets stuck in your eye?
No, it doesn't hurt a little if something gets stuck in my eye.
Does it hurt badly if something gets stuck in your eye?
Yes, it hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye.
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
It hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye.
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
If something gets stuck in your eye, do you immediately try to get it out?
Yes, if something gets stuck in my eye, I immediately try to get it out.
Why?
Because it hurts when something is stuck in my eye.
If you can't get it out, do you run to the hospital?
Yes, if I can't get it out, I run to the hospital.
What do you do if something gets stuck in your eye and you can't get it out?
If something gets stuck in my eye and I can't get it out, I run to the hospital.
Is your dog homeless?
No, my dog is not homeless.
Does she have a place to live?
Yes, she has a place to live.
If a dog doesn't have a place to live, do we call this dog homeless?
Yes, if a dog doesn't have a place to live, we call this dog homeless.
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
We call a dog that doesn't have a place to live homeless.
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
We call a dog that doesn't have a place to live homeless.
About
A pocket
Free
For free
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
A month
A year
A bill
I have bills to pay
It takes
It takes me 1 hour to get to work
How long does it take you to get to work?
A well paid job
A badly paid job
Peanuts
To earn Peanuts
Do you have any money in your pocket?
Yes, I have some money in my pocket.
Do you have a lot of money in your pocket?
Yes, I have a lot of money in my pocket.
Do you know exactly how much money you have in your pocket?
No, I don't know exactly how much money I have in my pocket.
How much money do you have in your pocket?
I have about 300 dollars in my pocket.
Do you earn 300 dollars a month?
No, I don't earn 300 dollars a month.
Is 300 dollars enough to pay your rent?
No, 300 dollars isn't enough to pay my rent.
Do you get a salary at work?
Yes, I get a salary at work.
Do you have a well paid job?
No, I don't have a well paid job.
Do you earn peanuts?
Yes, I earn peanuts.
Does it mean you have a well paid, or a badly paid job?
It means I have a badly paid job.
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I have a badly paid job.
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I have a badly paid job.
Are you happy about your salary?
No, I'm not happy about my salary.
If you aren't happy about your salary, is it a good idea to stay home all day and drink beer?
No, if I'm not happy about my salary, it's not a good idea to stay home all day and drink beer.
You will never earn anything more than peanuts.
If all you do is drink beer.
Can you earn a lot of money by drinking beer all day?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by drinking beer all day.
If you aren't happy about your salary, is it a good idea to watch movies and eat peanuts all day?
No, if I'm not happy about my salary, it's not a good idea to watch movies and eat peanuts all day.
Can you earn a lot of money by watching movies and eating peanuts all day?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by watching movies and eating peanuts all day.
If you aren't happy about your salary, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I'm not happy about my job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better to do if you aren't happy about your salary?
If I'm not happy about my salary, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better to do if you aren't happy about your salary?
What is it better to do if you aren't happy about your salary?
If I'm not happy about my salary, it's better to look for another job.
There is no guarantee though that another job will pay you well.
Are you going to the movie theatre now?
No, I'm not going to the movie theatre now.
Where are you going?
I'm going to work.
Is it rush hour now?
Yes, it's rush hour now.
Is the Subway often crowded during rush hour?
Yes, the Subway is often crowded during rush hour.
Why?
Because many people go to work or home during rush hour.
Why is the Subway often crowded during rush hour?
The Subway is often crowded during rush hour because many people go to work or home during rush hour.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
What time does your work day start?
My work day starts at 9 AM.
What time do you get up in the morning?
I get up at 6:30 AM.
Is it easy for you to get up at 6:30 every day?
No, it's not easy for me to get up at 6:30 every day.
Is it difficult for you to get up at 6:30 everyday?
Yes, It's difficult for me to get up at 6:30 everyday.
Is it difficult for you to get up at 6:30 everyday?
What time do you leave home in the morning?
I leave home at 8 o'clock in the morning.
What time do you have to be at work?
I have to be at work at 9 AM.
If you have to be at work at 9, but you come at 9:30, does it mean you're 30 minutes late for work?
Yes, If I have to be at work at 9, but I come at 9:30, it means I'm 30 minutes late for work.
What does it mean if you have to be at work at 9, but you come at 9:45?
If I have to be at work at 9, but I come at 9:45, it means I'm 45 minutes late for work.
What does it mean if you have to be at work at 9, but you come at 9:45?
If I have to be at work at 9, but I come at 9:45, it means I'm 45 minutes late for work.
Does it take you only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning.
Does it take you only 15 minutes to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me only 15 minutes to get to work in the morning.
Does it take you 3 hours to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me 3 hours to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
It takes me 1 hour to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
It takes me 1 hour to get to work in the morning.
If your work day starts at 9, what time do you have to leave home?
If my work day starts at 9, I have to leave home at 8.
Why?
Because it takes me 1 hour to get to work.
Why do you have to leave home at 8 if your work day starts at 9?
If my work day starts at 9, I have to leave home at 8 because it takes me 1 hour to get to work.
Why do you have to leave home at 8 if your work day starts at 9?
If my work day starts at 9, I have to leave home at 8 because it takes me 1 hour to get to work.
Can you see any homeless people in the Subway?
Yes, I can see some homeless people in the Subway.
Do those homeless people have a lot of money in their pockets?
No, those homeless people don't have a lot of money in their pockets.
Do those homeless people have a little money in their pockets?
Yes, those homeless people have a little money in their pockets.
How much money do those homeless people have in their pockets?
Those homeless people have a little money in their pockets.
How much money do those homeless people have in their pockets?
Are those homeless people rich or poor?
Those homeless people are poor.
Do homeless people sometimes ask you for money?
Yes, homeless people sometimes ask me for money.
Do homeless people sometimes ask you for money?
Do you give homeless people some money when they ask you?
Yes, I sometimes give homeless people some money when they ask me.
Do you give homeless people all your money when they ask you?
No, I don't give homeless people all my money when they ask me.
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
I usually give homeless people about 2 dollars when they ask me.
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
I usually give homeless people about 2 dollars when they ask me.
Does it drive you crazy when homeless people ask you for money?
Yes, sometimes it drives me crazy when homeless people ask me for money.
Do you often get stuck in traffic when you go to work?
No, I don't often get stuck in traffic when I go to work.
Is that because you don't drive a car?
Yes, that's because I don't drive a car.
Why don't you get stuck in traffic when you go to work?
I don't get stuck in traffic when I go to work because I don't drive a car.
No cars, no traffic jams.
Do you earn enough money to buy a car?
No, I don't earn enough money to buy a car.
Why don't you drive a car?
I don't drive a car because I don't earn enough money to buy a car.
Why don't you drive a car?
Are there 20 months in a year?
No, there aren't 20 months in a year
Are there 3 months in a year.
No, there aren't 3 months in a year.
How many months are there in a year?
There are 12 months in a year.
How many months are there in a year?
Do you know the names of all 12 months?
Yes, I know the names of all 12
months.
What are the names of all 12 months?
The names of all twelve months are January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
Do you have your favourite month?
Yes, I have my favourite month.
Which is your favourite month?
My favourite month is June.
Is it usually cold in June?
No, it's not usually cold in June.
Is it usually hot in June?
Yes, It's usually hot in June.
How's the weather in June?
It's usually hot in June.
How's the weather in June?
Do you work for free?
No, I don't work for free.
Do you want to work for free?
No, I don't want to work for free.
If you work for free, does it mean you make a lot of money?
No, If I work for free, it doesn't mean I make a lot of money.
If you work for free, does it mean you don't get a salary?
Yes, if I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
What does it mean if you work for free?
If I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
What does it mean if you work for free?
Do you get a salary once a month?
No, I don't get a salary once a month.
Do you get a salary twice a month?
Yes, I get a salary twice a month.
How often do you get a salary?
I get a salary twice a month.
How often do you get a salary?
Do you immediately run to the bar to have a beer after you get a salary?
No, I don't immediately run to the bar to have a beer after I get a salary.
Do you think I work for free?
No, I don't think you work for free.
Can you get a free drink at this bar?
No, I can't get a free drink at this bar.
Can you get a free beer at this bar if you ask me for it?
Can you get a free beer at this bar if you ask me for it?
No, I can't get a free beer at this bar if I ask you for it.
If you get something for free, does it mean you pay a lot of money for it?
No, if I get something for free, it doesn't mean I pay a lot of money for it.
If you get something for free, does it mean you pay nothing for it?
Yes, if I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
What does it mean if you get something for free?
If I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
What does it mean if you get something for free?
What does it mean if you get something for free?
If I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
Nothing comes free.
Even if you don't pay with your money.
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Can you live in your apartment if you don't pay your bills?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I don't pay my bills.
Rent and utility bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
Does it make you feel good when your bills go up?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when my bills go up.
Does it drive you crazy when your bills go up?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my bills go up.
How does it make you feel when your bills go up?
It drives me crazy when my bills go up.
They never go down.
They keep going up.
They only way you can deal with it
is to earn more money.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
Yes, I often go to the restaurant.
Can you eat in a restaurant for free?
No, I can't eat in a restaurant for free.
Do you have to pay for your food in the restaurant?
Yes, I have to pay for my food in the restaurant.
What do you have to have if you want to eat in a restaurant?
I have to have some money if I want to eat in a restaurant.
What do you have to have if you want to eat in a restaurant?
I have to have some money if I want to eat in a restaurant.
Can you eat in an expensive restaurant everyday if you earn peanuts?
No, I can't eat in an expensive restaurant everyday if I earn peanuts.
Do you have to have a well paid job if you want to eat in an expensive restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to have a well paid job if I want to eat in an expensive restaurant everyday.
When you go to the restaurant, do you order peanuts with soda?
No, when I go to the restaurant, I don't order peanuts with soda.
It's not the place to eat peanuts.
Do you like to eat peanuts when you watch a movie?
Yes, I like to eat peanuts when I watch a movie.
When do you like to eat peanuts?
I like to eat peanuts when I watch a movie.
----‐------------------------------------------------------