Do you take your lunch with you to college?
Yes, I take my lunch with me to college.
Do you have anything to eat at college when you get hungry?
Yes, I have something to eat at college when I get hungry.
What do you eat at college when you get hungry?
I eat my lunch at college when I get hungry.
Can you eat your sandwich during the class?
No, I can't eat my sandwich during the class.
Do teachers like it when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
No, teachers don't like it when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
Does it make teachers happy when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
No, it doesn't make teachers happy when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
Does it make teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
Yes, It makes teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
How does it make teachers feel when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
It makes teachers angry when students start eating sandwiches during the class.
How does it make teachers feel when students start eating sandwiches during the class?
Do you feel hungry if you don't eat anything for 24 hours?
Yes, I feel hungry if I don't eat anything for 24 hours.
Can you get angry if you don't eat anything for 24 hours?
Yes, I can get angry if I don't eat anything for 24 hours.
If you're stuck in the elevator, is it a good idea to push the door really hard?
No, if I'm stuck in the elevator, it's not a good idea to push the door really hard.
If you're stuck in the elevator, is it a good idea to hit the door with your head really hard?
No, if I'm stuck in the elevator, it's not a good idea to hit the door with my head really hard.
Are you an animal, or a person?
I'm a person.
Is a cat an animal, or a person?
A cat is an animal.
Is a dog a person?
No, a dog isn't a person.
What is it?
It's an animal.
Do you have any pets at your place?
Yes I have a pet at my place.
What pet do you have at your place?
I have a dog at my place.
Is it a he, or a she?
It's a she.
Does your dog sometimes bite you?
Yes, my dog sometimes bites me.
Do you like it when your dog bites you?
No, I don't like it when my dog bites me.
When your dog bites you, do you bite her back?
No, when my dog bites me, I don't bite her back.
Does it make you feel good if you bite your dog after she bites you?
No, it doesn't make me feel good if I bite my dog after she bites me.
Can you bring your dog to school?
No, I can't bring my dog to school
Does your dog have long hair?
No, my dog doesn't have long hair.
Does your dog have short hair?
Yes, my dog has short hair.
What hair does your dog have?
My dog has short hair.
Can your dog's hair get stuck in your eye?
Yes, my dog's hair can get stuck my eye.
Do you like it when something gets stuck in your eye?
No, I don't like it when something gets stuck in my eye.
Does it hurt a little if something gets stuck in your eye?
No, it doesn't hurt a little if something gets stuck in my eye.
Does it hurt badly if something gets stuck in your eye?
Yes, it hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye.
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
It hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye.
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
If something gets stuck in your eye, do you immediately try to get it out?
Yes, if something gets stuck in my eye, I immediately try to get it out.
Why?
Because it hurts when something is stuck in my eye.
If you can't get it out, do you run to the hospital?
Yes, if I can't get it out, I run to the hospital.
What do you do if something gets stuck in your eye and you can't get it out?
If something gets stuck in my eye and I can't get it out, I run to the hospital.
Is your dog homeless?
No, my dog is not homeless.
Does she have a place to live?
Yes, she has a place to live.
If a dog doesn't have a place to live, do we call this dog homeless?
Yes, if a dog doesn't have a place to live, we call this dog homeless.
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
We call a dog that doesn't have a place to live homeless.
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
What do we call a dog that doesn't have a place to live?
We call a dog that doesn't have a place to live homeless.
Do you have any money in your pocket?
Yes, I have some money in my pocket.
Do you have a lot of money in your pocket?
Yes, I have a lot of money in my pocket.
Do you know exactly how much money you have in your pocket?
No, I don't know exactly how much money I have in my pocket.
How much money do you have in your pocket?
I have about 300 dollars in my pocket.
Do you earn 300 dollars a month?
No, I don't earn 300 dollars a month.
Is 300 dollars enough to pay your rent?
No, 300 dollars isn't enough to pay my rent.
Do you get a salary at work?
Yes, I get a salary at work.
Do you have a well paid job?
No, I don't have a well paid job.
Do you earn peanuts?
Yes, I earn peanuts.
Does it mean you have a well paid, or a badly paid job?
It means I have a badly paid job.
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I have a badly paid job.
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I have a badly paid job.
Are you happy about your salary?
No, I'm not happy about my salary.
If you aren't happy about your salary, is it a good idea to stay home all day and drink beer?
No, if I'm not happy about my salary, it's not a good idea to stay home all day and drink beer.
You will never earn anything more than peanuts.
If all you do is drink beer.
Can you earn a lot of money by drinking beer all day?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by drinking beer all day.
If you aren't happy about your salary, is it a good idea to watch movies and eat peanuts all day?
No, if I'm not happy about my salary, it's not a good idea to watch movies and eat peanuts all day.
Can you see any homeless people in the Subway?
Yes, I can see some homeless people in the Subway.
Do those homeless people have a lot of money in their pockets?
No, those homeless people don't have a lot of money in their pockets.
Do those homeless people have a little money in their pockets?
Yes, those homeless people have a little money in their pockets.
How much money do those homeless people have in their pockets?
Those homeless people have a little money in their pockets.
How much money do those homeless people have in their pockets?
Are those homeless people rich or poor?
Those homeless people are poor.
Do homeless people sometimes ask you for money?
Yes, homeless people sometimes ask me for money.
Do homeless people sometimes ask you for money?
Do you give homeless people some money when they ask you?
Yes, I sometimes give homeless people some money when they ask me.
Do you give homeless people all your money when they ask you?
No, I don't give homeless people all my money when they ask me.
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
I usually give homeless people about 2 dollars when they ask me.
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
I usually give homeless people about 2 dollars when they ask me.
Does it drive you crazy when homeless people ask you for money?
Yes, sometimes it drives me crazy when homeless people ask me for money.
Can you earn a lot of money by watching movies and eating peanuts all day?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by watching movies and eating peanuts all day.
If you aren't happy about your salary, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I'm not happy about my job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better to do if you aren't happy about your salary?
If I'm not happy about my salary, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better to do if you aren't happy about your salary?
What is it better to do if you aren't happy about your salary?
If I'm not happy about my salary, it's better to look for another job.
There is no guarantee though that another job will pay you well.
Are you going to the movie theatre now?
No, I'm not going to the movie theatre now.
Where are you going?
I'm going to work.
Is it rush hour now?
Yes, it's rush hour now.
Is the Subway often crowded during rush hour?
Yes, the Subway is often crowded during rush hour.
Why?
Because many people go to work or home during rush hour.
Why is the Subway often crowded during rush hour?
The Subway is often crowded during rush hour because many people go to work or home during rush hour.
Do you have a 9 to 5 job?
Yes, I have a 9 to 5 job.
What time does your work day start?
My work day starts at 9 AM.
Do you often get stuck in traffic when you go to work?
No, I don't often get stuck in traffic when I go to work.
Is that because you don't drive a car?
Yes, that's because I don't drive a car.
Why don't you get stuck in traffic when you go to work?
I don't get stuck in traffic when I go to work because I don't drive a car.
No cars, no traffic jams.
Do you earn enough money to buy a car?
No, I don't earn enough money to buy a car.
Why don't you drive a car?
I don't drive a car because I don't earn enough money to buy a car.
Why don't you drive a car?
Are there 20 months in a year?
No, there aren't 20 months in a year
Are there 3 months in a year.
No, there aren't 3 months in a year.
How many months are there in a year?
There are 12 months in a year.
How many months are there in a year?
Do you know the names of all 12 months?
Yes, I know the names of all 12
months.
What are the names of all 12 months?
The names of all twelve months are January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October, November, December.
Do you have your favourite month?
Yes, I have my favourite month.
Which is your favourite month?
My favourite month is June.
Is it usually cold in June?
No, it's not usually cold in June.
Is it usually hot in June?
Yes, It's usually hot in June.
How's the weather in June?
It's usually hot in June.
How's the weather in June?
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Can you live in your apartment if you don't pay your bills?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I don't pay my bills.
Rent and utility bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
Does it make you feel good when your bills go up?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when my bills go up.
Does it drive you crazy when your bills go up?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my bills go up.
How does it make you feel when your bills go up?
It drives me crazy when my bills go up.
They never go down.
They keep going up.
They only way you can deal with it
is to earn more money.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
Yes, I often go to the restaurant.
Can you eat in a restaurant for free?
No, I can't eat in a restaurant for free.
Do you have to pay for your food in the restaurant?
Yes, I have to pay for my food in the restaurant.
What do you have to have if you want to eat in a restaurant?
I have to have some money if I want to eat in a restaurant.
What do you have to have if you want to eat in a restaurant?
I have to have some money if I want to eat in a restaurant.
Can you eat in an expensive restaurant everyday if you earn peanuts?
No, I can't eat in an expensive restaurant everyday if I earn peanuts.
Do you have to have a well paid job if you want to eat in an expensive restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to have a well paid job if I want to eat in an expensive restaurant everyday.
When you go to the restaurant, do you order peanuts with soda?
No, when I go to the restaurant, I don't order peanuts with soda.
It's not the place to eat peanuts.
Do you like to eat peanuts when you watch a movie?
Yes, I like to eat peanuts when I watch a movie.
When do you like to eat peanuts?
I like to eat peanuts when I watch a movie.
Do you work for free?
No, I don't work for free.
Do you want to work for free?
No, I don't want to work for free.
If you work for free, does it mean you make a lot of money?
No, If I work for free, it doesn't mean I make a lot of money.
If you work for free, does it mean you don't get a salary?
Yes, if I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
What does it mean if you work for free?
If I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
What does it mean if you work for free?
Do you get a salary once a month?
No, I don't get a salary once a month.
Do you get a salary twice a month?
Yes, I get a salary twice a month.
How often do you get a salary?
I get a salary twice a month.
How often do you get a salary?
Do you immediately run to the bar to have a beer after you get a salary?
No, I don't immediately run to the bar to have a beer after I get a salary.
Do you think I work for free?
No, I don't think you work for free.
Can you get a free drink at this bar?
No, I can't get a free drink at this bar.
Can you get a free beer at this bar if you ask me for it?
Can you get a free beer at this bar if you ask me for it?
No, I can't get a free beer at this bar if I ask you for it.
If you get something for free, does it mean you pay a lot of money for it?
No, if I get something for free, it doesn't mean I pay a lot of money for it.
If you get something for free, does it mean you pay nothing for it?
Yes, if I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
What does it mean if you get something for free?
If I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
What does it mean if you get something for free?
What does it mean if you get something for free?
If I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
Nothing comes free.
Even if you don't pay with your money.
To fire
To get fired
To hire
To get hired
A colleague
Experience
Work experience
To offer
An interview
A job interview
An opportunity
A job opportunity
An education
A collage degree
A chance
To work hard
To study
To study hard
Instead of
Instead of working
Instead of studying
Pleasant
Unpleasant
Is there a pull sign on this door?
No, there isn't a pull sign on this door.
Is there a push sign on this door?
Yes, there is a push sign on this door.
Do you know what it means?
Yes, I know what it means.
What does it mean?
It means you have to push this door if you want to open it.
What does this "push" sign mean?
This "push" sign means you have to push this door if you want to open it.
What does this sign say?
This sign says "push".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "push".
If you want to walk into your room, do you have to pull this door?
No, if I want to walk into my room, I don't have to pull this door.
If you want to walk into your room, do you have to push this door?
Yes, if I want to walk into my room, I have to push this door.
What do you have to do if you want to walk into your room?
If I want to walk into my room, I have to push this door.
What do you have to do if you want to walk into your room?
Can you open the door by pushing it if there is a "pull" sign on it?
No, I can't open the door by pushing it if there is a "pull" sign on it.
Can you open the door by pulling it if there is a "push" sign on it?
No, I can't open the door by pulling it if there is a "push" sign on it.
Do you have a job?
Yes, I have a job.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you need a lot of work experience to get a good job?
Yes, I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
What do you think you need to get a good job?
I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
What do you think you need to get a good job?
What do you think you need to get a good job?
I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
Do you earn a lot of money?
No, I don't earn a lot of money.
Do you earn peanuts?
Yes, I earn peanuts.
If you say you earn peanuts, does it mean you earn a lot of money?
No, if I say I am peanuts, it doesn't mean I earn a lot of money.
If you say you earn peanuts, does it mean you earn very little money?
Yes, if I say I earn peanuts, it means I earn very little money.
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I earn very little money.
Do you want to earn a million dollars a month?
Yes, I want to earn a million dollars a month.
How much money do you want to earn?
I want to earn a million dollars a month.
Are you happy with the money you make?
No, I'm not happy with the money I make.
Are you happy with the money you make?
Are you looking for a new job now?
No, I'm not looking for a new job now.
If you're not happy with the money you make, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I'm not happy with the money I make, it's better to look for another job.
If you're not happy with the money you make, is it better to lie in bed and watch movies all day?
No, if I'm not happy with the money I make, it's better not to lie in bed and watch movies all day.
What is it better to do if you're not happy with the money you make?
If I'm not happy with the money I make, it's better to look for another job.
But a good job is not just about money.
Can it take a lot of time to find a well paid job?
Yes, it can take a lot of time to find a well paid job.
Does it always take a lot of time to find a well paid job?
No, it doesn't always take a lot of time to find a well paid job.
Yeah.
Sometimes you might get lucky.
Is it easy to get a well paid job if you don't have a lot of work experience?
No, it's not easy to get a well paid job if I don't have a lot of work experience.
Is it difficult to get a well paid job if you don't have a lot of work experience?
Yes, it's difficult to get a well paid job if I don't have a lot of work experience.
What do you need to have if you want to get a well paid job?
If I want to get a well paid job, I need to have a lot of work experience.
What do you need to have if you want to get a well paid job?
What do you need to have if you want to get a well paid job?
If I want to get a well paid job, I need to have a lot of work experience.
Do you have to go to a job interview before they can offer you a job?
Yes, I have to go to a job interview before they can offer me a job.
Where do you have to go before they can offer you a job?
I have to go to a job interview before they can offer me a job.
Where do you have to go before they can offer you a job?
Do you often go to job interviews?
No, I don't often go to job interviews.
Why do people go to job interviews?
Because they want to get hired.
First, they have to pass a job interview, then they might get hired.
Again People go to job interviews
Because they want to get hired.
They can't get a job without an interview.
Do people go to job interviews because they want to get fired?
No, people don't go to job interviews because they want to get fired.
No, not fired, of course.
Hired.
With and "H".
Do people go to job interviews because they want to get hired?
Yes, people go to job interviews because they want to get hired.
Why do people go to job interviews?
People go to job interviews because they want to get hired.
Why do people go to job interviews?
Does it make people happy if they don't get hired after the job interview?
No, it doesn't make people happy if they don't get hired after the job interview.
Does it make people very unhappy if they don't get hired after the job interview?
Yes, it makes people very unhappy if they don't get hired after the job interview.
How does it make people feel when they don't get hired after a job interview?
It makes people very unhappy when they don't get hired after the job interview.
How does it make people feel when they don't get hired after a job interview?
How does it make people feel when they don't get hired after the job interview?
Do they ask you a lot of questions about your work experience during a job interview?
Yes, they ask me a lot of questions about my work experience during a job interview.
What do they usually ask you during a job interview?
They usually ask me a lot of questions about my work experience during a job interview.
What do they usually ask you during a job interview?
Do you have to answer those questions they ask you?
Yes, I have to answer those questions they ask me.
What do you have to do when they ask you questions during a job interview?
I have to answer the questions they ask me during a job interview.
What do you have to do when they ask you questions during a job interview?
If they don't like your answers, do you have a good chance to getting hired?
No, if they don't like my answers, I don't have a good chance of getting hired.
If they don't like your answers, do you have a small chance of getting hired?
Yes, if they don't like my answers, I have a small chance of getting hired.
You gotta make them like your answers.
No answers, no job.
Does your boss make you work 24/7?
No, my boss doesn't make me work 24/7.
Can anyone make you work 24/7?
No, no one can make me work 24/7
You can't work 24/7.
Unless you are a terminator.
If your boss offers you 1 million dollars a month, do you want to work 24/7?
No, if my boss offers me 1 million dollars a month, I don't want to work 24/7.
Do you work at a small company?
No, I don't work at a small company.
Do you work at a big company?
Yes, I work at a big company.
Do you know exactly how many people work at this company?
No, I don't know exactly how many people work at this company.
Do you work alone?
No, I don't work alone.
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you know exactly how many colleagues you have?
No, I don't know exactly how many colleagues I have.
Why not?
Because this is a big company.
How many colleagues do you have?
I have about 300 colleagues.
Do you know all your colleagues?
No, I don't know all my colleagues.
Do you know some of your colleagues?
Yes, I know some of my colleagues.
Do you like all your colleagues?
No, I don't like all my colleagues.
Do you think everybody likes you here?
No, I don't think everybody likes me here.
Sometimes it makes people feel good.
When a colleague they don't like gets fired.
Again Sometimes.
When a colleague that nobody likes gets fired.
It makes other people feel good.
Does it make you feel good when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
Yes, it makes me feel good when a colleague I don't like gets fired.
Does it make you feel bad when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
No, it doesn't make me feel bad when a colleague I don't like gets fired.
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
When a colleague I don't like gets fired, it makes me feel good.
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
When a colleague I don't like gets fired, it makes me feel good.
Is it pleasant to get fired?
No, it's not pleasant to get fired.
Is it unpleasant to get fired?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get fired.
How does it feel to get fired?
It's unpleasant to get fired.
How does it feel to get fired?
How does it feel to get fired?
It's unpleasant to get fired.
Does your company offer you a lot of job opportunities?
No, my company doesn't offer me a lot of job opportunities.
If you want to have better job opportunities, do you have to look for a job with another company?
Yes, if I want to have better job opportunities, I have to look for a job with another company.
What do you have to do if you want to have better job opportunities?
If I want to have better job opportunities, I have to look for a job with another company.
Do you like to sleep at your office instead of working?
No, I don't like to sleep at my office instead of working.
Can you earn a lot of money by sleeping at your office instead of working?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by sleeping at my office instead of working.
Can you get fired if you sleep at your office all the time instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I sleep at my office all the time instead of working.
Do you like to drink beer at your office instead of working?
No, I don't like to drink beer at my office instead of working.
Can you earn a lot of money by drinking beer at your office instead of working?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by drinking beer at my office instead of working.
Can you get fired if you drink beer at your office instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I drink beer at my office instead of working.
Do you have to work hard if you don't want to get fired?
Yes, I have to work hard if I don't want to get fired.
What do you have to do if you don't want to get fired?
I have to work hard if I don't want to get fired.
What do you have to do if you don't want to get fired?
Do you think there are very few students in this college?
No, I don't think there are very few students in this college.
Do you think there are a lot of students in this college?
Yes, I think there are a lot of students in this college.
Are they here to hang out?
No, they aren't here to hang out.
Are they here to study and to get a college degree?
Yes, they are here to study and to get a college degree.
Why are they here?
They're here to study and to get a college degree.
Can you get a college degree if you don't go to college?
No, I can't get a college degree if I don't go to college.
Does this college offer students a lot of opportunities?
Yes, this college offers students a lot of opportunities.
Do students have to study a little here?
No, students don't have to study a little here.
Come on, this is hardvard.
You have to study hard here. Or else
Does students have to study hard here?
Yes, students have to study hard here.
How do students have to study here?
Students have to study hard here.
If they don't study hard, do they get good grades?
No, if they don't study hard, they don't get good grades.
If they don't study hard, do they get bad grades?
Yes, if they don't study hard, they get bad grades.
What grades do students get if they don't study hard here?
If students don't study hard here, they get bad grades.
What grades do students get if they don't study hard here?
Is it pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
No, It's not pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Is it unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Do you have to hang out with your friends a lot if you want to get good grades?
No, I don't have to hang out with my friends a lot if I want to get good grades.
Do you have to study hard instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
Bad grades mean no college degree
and all your job opportunities go bye-bye.
----‐------------------------------------------------------