Is it pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
No, It's not pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Is it unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Do you have to hang out with your friends a lot if you want to get good grades?
No, I don't have to hang out with my friends a lot if I want to get good grades.
Do you have to study hard instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
Bad grades mean no college degree
and all your job opportunities go bye-bye.
Do you think there are very few students in this college?
No, I don't think there are very few students in this college.
Do you think there are a lot of students in this college?
Yes, I think there are a lot of students in this college.
Are they here to hang out?
No, they aren't here to hang out.
Are they here to study and to get a college degree?
Yes, they are here to study and to get a college degree.
Why are they here?
They're here to study and to get a college degree.
Can you get a college degree if you don't go to college?
No, I can't get a college degree if I don't go to college.
Does this college offer students a lot of opportunities?
Yes, this college offers students a lot of opportunities.
Do students have to study a little here?
No, students don't have to study a little here.
Come on, this is hardvard.
You have to study hard here. Or else
Does students have to study hard here?
Yes, students have to study hard here.
How do students have to study here?
Students have to study hard here.
If they don't study hard, do they get good grades?
No, if they don't study hard, they don't get good grades.
If they don't study hard, do they get bad grades?
Yes, if they don't study hard, they get bad grades.
What grades do students get if they don't study hard here?
If students don't study hard here, they get bad grades.
What grades do students get if they don't study hard here?
Sometimes it makes people feel good.
When a colleague they don't like gets fired.
Again Sometimes.
When a colleague that nobody likes gets fired.
It makes other people feel good.
Does it make you feel good when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
Yes, it makes me feel good when a colleague I don't like gets fired.
Does it make you feel bad when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
No, it doesn't make me feel bad when a colleague I don't like gets fired.
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
When a colleague I don't like gets fired, it makes me feel good.
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
When a colleague I don't like gets fired, it makes me feel good.
Is it pleasant to get fired?
No, it's not pleasant to get fired.
Is it unpleasant to get fired?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get fired.
How does it feel to get fired?
It's unpleasant to get fired.
How does it feel to get fired?
How does it feel to get fired?
It's unpleasant to get fired.
Does your company offer you a lot of job opportunities?
No, my company doesn't offer me a lot of job opportunities.
If you want to have better job opportunities, do you have to look for a job with another company?
Yes, if I want to have better job opportunities, I have to look for a job with another company.
What do you have to do if you want to have better job opportunities?
If I want to have better job opportunities, I have to look for a job with another company.
Do you like to sleep at your office instead of working?
No, I don't like to sleep at my office instead of working.
Can you earn a lot of money by sleeping at your office instead of working?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by sleeping at my office instead of working.
Can you get fired if you sleep at your office all the time instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I sleep at my office all the time instead of working.
Do you like to drink beer at your office instead of working?
No, I don't like to drink beer at my office instead of working.
Can you earn a lot of money by drinking beer at your office instead of working?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by drinking beer at my office instead of working.
Can you get fired if you drink beer at your office instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I drink beer at my office instead of working.
Do you have to work hard if you don't want to get fired?
Yes, I have to work hard if I don't want to get fired.
What do you have to do if you don't want to get fired?
I have to work hard if I don't want to get fired.
What do you have to do if you don't want to get fired?
Does your boss make you work 24/7?
No, my boss doesn't make me work 24/7.
Can anyone make you work 24/7?
No, no one can make me work 24/7
You can't work 24/7.
Unless you are a terminator.
If your boss offers you 1 million dollars a month, do you want to work 24/7?
No, if my boss offers me 1 million dollars a month, I don't want to work 24/7.
Do you work at a small company?
No, I don't work at a small company.
Do you work at a big company?
Yes, I work at a big company.
Do you know exactly how many people work at this company?
No, I don't know exactly how many people work at this company.
Do you work alone?
No, I don't work alone.
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you know exactly how many colleagues you have?
No, I don't know exactly how many colleagues I have.
Why not?
Because this is a big company.
How many colleagues do you have?
I have about 300 colleagues.
Do you know all your colleagues?
No, I don't know all my colleagues.
Do you know some of your colleagues?
Yes, I know some of my colleagues.
Do you like all your colleagues?
No, I don't like all my colleagues.
Do you think everybody likes you here?
No, I don't think everybody likes me here.

Can it take a lot of time to find a well paid job?
Yes, it can take a lot of time to find a well paid job.
Does it always take a lot of time to find a well paid job?
No, it doesn't always take a lot of time to find a well paid job.
Yeah.
Sometimes you might get lucky.
Is it easy to get a well paid job if you don't have a lot of work experience?
No, it's not easy to get a well paid job if I don't have a lot of work experience.
Is it difficult to get a well paid job if you don't have a lot of work experience?
Yes, it's difficult to get a well paid job if I don't have a lot of work experience.
What do you need to have if you want to get a well paid job?
If I want to get a well paid job, I need to have a lot of work experience.
What do you need to have if you want to get a well paid job?
What do you need to have if you want to get a well paid job?
If I want to get a well paid job, I need to have a lot of work experience.
Do you have to go to a job interview before they can offer you a job?
Yes, I have to go to a job interview before they can offer me a job.
Where do you have to go before they can offer you a job?
I have to go to a job interview before they can offer me a job.
Where do you have to go before they can offer you a job?
Do you often go to job interviews?
No, I don't often go to job interviews.
Why do people go to job interviews?
Because they want to get hired.
First, they have to pass a job interview, then they might get hired.
Again People go to job interviews
Because they want to get hired.
They can't get a job without an interview.
Do people go to job interviews because they want to get fired?
No, people don't go to job interviews because they want to get fired.
No, not fired, of course.
Hired.
With and "H".
Do people go to job interviews because they want to get hired?
Yes, people go to job interviews because they want to get hired.
Why do people go to job interviews?
People go to job interviews because they want to get hired.
Why do people go to job interviews?
Does it make people happy if they don't get hired after the job interview?
No, it doesn't make people happy if they don't get hired after the job interview.
Does it make people very unhappy if they don't get hired after the job interview?
Yes, it makes people very unhappy if they don't get hired after the job interview.
How does it make people feel when they don't get hired after a job interview?
It makes people very unhappy when they don't get hired after the job interview.
How does it make people feel when they don't get hired after a job interview?
How does it make people feel when they don't get hired after the job interview?
Do they ask you a lot of questions about your work experience during a job interview?
Yes, they ask me a lot of questions about my work experience during a job interview.
What do they usually ask you during a job interview?
They usually ask me a lot of questions about my work experience during a job interview.
What do they usually ask you during a job interview?
Do you have to answer those questions they ask you?
Yes, I have to answer those questions they ask me.
What do you have to do when they ask you questions during a job interview?
I have to answer the questions they ask me during a job interview.
What do you have to do when they ask you questions during a job interview?
If they don't like your answers, do you have a good chance to getting hired?
No, if they don't like my answers, I don't have a good chance of getting hired.
If they don't like your answers, do you have a small chance of getting hired?
Yes, if they don't like my answers, I have a small chance of getting hired.
You gotta make them like your answers.
No answers, no job.
Do you earn a lot of money?
No, I don't earn a lot of money.
Do you earn peanuts?
Yes, I earn peanuts.
If you say you earn peanuts, does it mean you earn a lot of money?
No, if I say I am peanuts, it doesn't mean I earn a lot of money.
If you say you earn peanuts, does it mean you earn very little money?
Yes, if I say I earn peanuts, it means I earn very little money.
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I earn very little money.
Do you want to earn a million dollars a month?
Yes, I want to earn a million dollars a month.
How much money do you want to earn?
I want to earn a million dollars a month.
Are you happy with the money you make?
No, I'm not happy with the money I make.
Are you happy with the money you make?
Are you looking for a new job now?
No, I'm not looking for a new job now.
If you're not happy with the money you make, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I'm not happy with the money I make, it's better to look for another job.
If you're not happy with the money you make, is it better to lie in bed and watch movies all day?
No, if I'm not happy with the money I make, it's better not to lie in bed and watch movies all day.
What is it better to do if you're not happy with the money you make?
If I'm not happy with the money I make, it's better to look for another job.
But a good job is not just about money.
Is there a pull sign on this door?
No, there isn't a pull sign on this door.
Is there a push sign on this door?
Yes, there is a push sign on this door.
Do you know what it means?
Yes, I know what it means.
What does it mean?
It means you have to push this door if you want to open it.
What does this "push" sign mean?
This "push" sign means you have to push this door if you want to open it.
What does this sign say?
This sign says "push".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "push".
If you want to walk into your room, do you have to pull this door?
No, if I want to walk into my room, I don't have to pull this door.
If you want to walk into your room, do you have to push this door?
Yes, if I want to walk into my room, I have to push this door.
What do you have to do if you want to walk into your room?
If I want to walk into my room, I have to push this door.
What do you have to do if you want to walk into your room?
Can you open the door by pushing it if there is a "pull" sign on it?
No, I can't open the door by pushing it if there is a "pull" sign on it.
Can you open the door by pulling it if there is a "push" sign on it?
No, I can't open the door by pulling it if there is a "push" sign on it.
Do you have a job?
Yes, I have a job.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you need a lot of work experience to get a good job?
Yes, I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
What do you think you need to get a good job?
I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Can you live in your apartment if you don't pay your bills?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I don't pay my bills.
Rent and utility bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
Does it make you feel good when your bills go up?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when my bills go up.
Does it drive you crazy when your bills go up?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my bills go up.
How does it make you feel when your bills go up?
It drives me crazy when my bills go up.
They never go down.
They keep going up.
They only way you can deal with it
is to earn more money.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
Yes, I often go to the restaurant.
Can you eat in a restaurant for free?
No, I can't eat in a restaurant for free.
Do you have to pay for your food in the restaurant?
Yes, I have to pay for my food in the restaurant.
What do you have to have if you want to eat in a restaurant?
I have to have some money if I want to eat in a restaurant.
What do you have to have if you want to eat in a restaurant?
I have to have some money if I want to eat in a restaurant.
Can you eat in an expensive restaurant everyday if you earn peanuts?
No, I can't eat in an expensive restaurant everyday if I earn peanuts.
Do you have to have a well paid job if you want to eat in an expensive restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to have a well paid job if I want to eat in an expensive restaurant everyday.
When you go to the restaurant, do you order peanuts with soda?
No, when I go to the restaurant, I don't order peanuts with soda.
It's not the place to eat peanuts.
Do you like to eat peanuts when you watch a movie?
Yes, I like to eat peanuts when I watch a movie.
When do you like to eat peanuts?
I like to eat peanuts when I watch a movie.
Do you work for free?
No, I don't work for free.
Do you want to work for free?
No, I don't want to work for free.
If you work for free, does it mean you make a lot of money?
No, If I work for free, it doesn't mean I make a lot of money.
If you work for free, does it mean you don't get a salary?
Yes, if I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
What does it mean if you work for free?
If I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
What does it mean if you work for free?
Do you get a salary once a month?
No, I don't get a salary once a month.
Do you get a salary twice a month?
Yes, I get a salary twice a month.
How often do you get a salary?
I get a salary twice a month.
How often do you get a salary?
Do you immediately run to the bar to have a beer after you get a salary?
No, I don't immediately run to the bar to have a beer after I get a salary.
Do you think I work for free?
No, I don't think you work for free.
Can you get a free drink at this bar?
No, I can't get a free drink at this bar.
Can you get a free beer at this bar if you ask me for it?
Can you get a free beer at this bar if you ask me for it?
No, I can't get a free beer at this bar if I ask you for it.
If you get something for free, does it mean you pay a lot of money for it?
No, if I get something for free, it doesn't mean I pay a lot of money for it.
If you get something for free, does it mean you pay nothing for it?
Yes, if I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
What does it mean if you get something for free?
If I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
What does it mean if you get something for free?
What does it mean if you get something for free?
If I get something for free, it means I pay nothing for it.
Nothing comes free.
Even if you don't pay with your money.
Tall
Short
To play
A player
A game
A video game
Sports
A sports game
A couch
Kind
What kind?
What kind of games do you like to play?
Basketball
Soccer
A team
To kick me out
They kick students out of college
They want to kick me out of the team
To enjoy
I enjoy drinking coffee in the morning
Important
Are you short
No I'm not short
Are you tall
Yes I'm tall
Do you play basketball?
Yes, I sometimes play basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Yes, I enjoy playing basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really tired?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
I want to sleep when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really hungry?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
I want to eat when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
Is it easy to play basketball if you're short?
No, It's not easy to play basketball if you're short.
Is it difficult to play basketball if you're short?
Yes, It's difficult to play basketball if you're short.
Do you like to play video games when you're tired and want to relax?
Yes, I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you like to play sports games when you're tired and want to relax?
No, I don't like to play sports games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you play soccer?
Yes, I sometimes play soccer.
Which do you like to play better, soccer or basketball?
I like to play soccer better.
Are both of these games team games?
Yes, both of these games are team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
I prefer team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
What kind of games do you like better, those where you play alone, or in team?
I like better those games where I play in team.
Is it important to be a good team player if you want to play basketball?
Yes, it's important to be a good team player if I want to play basketball.
What kind of player do you have to be if you want to play basketball?
I have to be a team player if I want to play basketball.
What kind of player do you have to be if you want to play basket ball?
What kind of player do you have to be if you want to play basketball?
I have to be a team player if I want to play basketball.
Do they kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player?
Yes, they kick you out of the basketball team if you're a terrible team player.
Why?
Because basketball is a team game.
Why do they kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player?
They kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player because basketball is a team game.
Why do they kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player?
The same applies to soccer, football, baseball and many other games.
How about a soccer team, can you stay on a soccer team if you are a terrible team player?
No, you can't stay on a soccer team if you are a terrible team player.
Why not?
Because soccer is a team game.
What do they do to you?
They kick you out.
Why do they kick you out of the soccer team if you are a terrible team player?
They kick you out of the soccer team if you are a terrible team player because soccer is a team game.
Do you want to learn to play basketball better?
Yes, I want to learn to play basketball better.
Can you learn to play basketball better by sitting on the couch and playing video games?
No, I can't learn to play basketball by sitting on the couch and playing video games.
Are you a college student?
No, I'm not a college student.
Do you want to go to college?
No, I don't want to go to college.
Do students prefer to get good grades, or bad grades?
Students prefer to get good grades.
What kind of grades do students prefer to get?
Students prefer to get good grades.
What kind of grades do students prefer to get?
Is it important for students to get good grades in college?
Yes, it's important for students to get good grades in college.
Do students have to study hard if they want to get good grades?
Yes, students have to study hard if they want to get good grades.
What do students have to do if they want to get good grades?
Students have to study hard if they want to get good grades.
What do students have to do if they want to get good grades?
What do students have to do if they want to get good grades?
Do they kick you out of college if you don't get good grades?
Yes, they kick you out of college if you don't get good grades.
What do they do to you if you don't get good grades?
They kick you out of college if you don't get good grades.
Why is it important to get good grades in college?
It's important to get good grades in college because they kick you out if you don't.
Why is it important to get good grades in college?
It's important to get good grades in college because they kick you out if you don't.
Do you like pizza?
Yes, I like pizza.
How many slices of pizza can you eat for dinner?
I can eat 3 slices of pizza for dinner.
Can you eat a whole pizza?
Yes, I can eat a whole pizza.
Do you have to be really hungry to eat a whole pizza?
Yes, I have to be really hungry to eat a whole pizza.
Is it good for your stomach to eat a whole pizza?
No, it's not good for my stomach to eat a whole pizza.
Do you put sugar on your pizza?
No, I don't put sugar on my pizza.
Does pizza taste good with sugar?
No, pizza doesn't taste good with sugar.
Does pizza taste terrible with sugar?
Yes, pizza tastes terrible with sugar.
How does pizza taste with sugar?
Pizza tastes terrible with sugar.
Why don't you put sugar on your pizza?
I don't put sugar on my pizza because it tastes terrible with sugar.
Do you like pizza with a lot of cheese on it?
Yes, I like pizza with a lot of cheese on it.
How do you like your pizza?
I like my pizza with a lot of cheese on it.
How do you like your pizza?
Do you enjoy sitting on your couch and eating pizza on weekends?
Yes, I enjoy sitting on my couch and eating pizza on weekends.
What do you enjoy doing on weekends?
I enjoy sitting on my couch and eating pizza on weekends.
Does pizza taste good when it's cold?
No, pizza doesn't taste good when it's cold.
Do you like to take walks on weekends?
Yes, I like to take walks on weekends.
Do you prefer to take walks, or to drive a car on weekends?
I prefer to take walks on weekends.
Is it pleasant to walk in the rain without an umbrella?
No, it's not pleasant to walk in the rain without an umbrella.
Is it unpleasant to walk in the rain without an umbrella?
Yes, it's unpleasant to walk in the rain without an umbrella.
Do you stay dry if you walk in the rain without an umbrella?
No, I don't stay dry if I walk in the rain without an umbrella.
Do you get wet if you walk in the rain without an umbrella?
Yes, I get wet if I walk in the rain without an umbrella.
Do you enjoy getting wet in the rain?
No, I don't enjoy getting wet in the rain.
Do you usually walk to work, or do you take the Subway?
I usually take the Subway to work.
How do you usually get to work?
I usually take the Subway to work.
How do you usually get to work?
Does it take you 1 hour to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me 1 hour to get to work in the morning.
Does it take you only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
It takes me 30 minutes to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
Do people often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour?
Yes, people often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour.
Where do people often get stuck when they drive during rush hour?
People often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour.
Do you enjoy getting stuck in traffic?
No, I don't enjoy getting stuck in traffic.
Do you hate getting stuck in traffic?
Yes, I hate getting stuck in traffic.
If you're stuck in traffic for too long, can you be late for work?
Yes, if I'm stuck in traffic for too long I can be late for work.
Is it very important for you to be at work at 9?
Yes, it's very important for me to be at work at 9.
Why?
Because my work day starts at 9.
Why is it very important for you to be at work at 9?
It's very important for me to be at work at 9 because my work day starts at 9.
Does your boss like it when you're late for work?
No, my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Can your boss fire you if you get late for work too often?
Yes, my boss can fire me if I get late for work too often.
Do you want your boss to fire you?
No, I don't want my boss to fire me.
What can your boss do to you if you get late for work too often?
My boss can fire me if I get late for Work too often.
Do you have to pay your bills every month?
Yes, I have to pay my bills every month.
Do you enjoy paying your bills?
No, I don't enjoy paying my bills.
Do you have to pay your rent every month too?
Yes, I have to pay my rent every month too.
Can you live in your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Do they kick you out of your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
Yes, they kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do they do if you stop paying your rent?
They kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Is it pleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
No, it's not pleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Is it unpleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
Yes, it's unpleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
----‐------------------------------------------------------