Is it pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
No, It's not pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Is it unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Do you have to hang out with your friends a lot if you want to get good grades?
No, I don't have to hang out with my friends a lot if I want to get good grades.
Do you have to study hard instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
Bad grades mean no college degree
and all your job opportunities go bye-bye.
Do you think there are very few students in this college?
No, I don't think there are very few students in this college.
Do you think there are a lot of students in this college?
Yes, I think there are a lot of students in this college.
Are they here to hang out?
No, they aren't here to hang out.
Are they here to study and to get a college degree?
Yes, they are here to study and to get a college degree.
Why are they here?
They're here to study and to get a college degree.
Can you get a college degree if you don't go to college?
No, I can't get a college degree if I don't go to college.
Does this college offer students a lot of opportunities?
Yes, this college offers students a lot of opportunities.
Do students have to study a little here?
No, students don't have to study a little here.
Come on, this is hardvard.
You have to study hard here. Or else
Does students have to study hard here?
Yes, students have to study hard here.
How do students have to study here?
Students have to study hard here.
If they don't study hard, do they get good grades?
No, if they don't study hard, they don't get good grades.
If they don't study hard, do they get bad grades?
Yes, if they don't study hard, they get bad grades.
What grades do students get if they don't study hard here?
If students don't study hard here, they get bad grades.
What grades do students get if they don't study hard here?
Sometimes it makes people feel good.
When a colleague they don't like gets fired.
Again Sometimes.
When a colleague that nobody likes gets fired.
It makes other people feel good.
Does it make you feel good when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
Yes, it makes me feel good when a colleague I don't like gets fired.
Does it make you feel bad when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
No, it doesn't make me feel bad when a colleague I don't like gets fired.
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
When a colleague I don't like gets fired, it makes me feel good.
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
How does it make you feel when a colleague you don't like gets fired?
When a colleague I don't like gets fired, it makes me feel good.
Is it pleasant to get fired?
No, it's not pleasant to get fired.
Is it unpleasant to get fired?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get fired.
How does it feel to get fired?
It's unpleasant to get fired.
How does it feel to get fired?
How does it feel to get fired?
It's unpleasant to get fired.
Does your company offer you a lot of job opportunities?
No, my company doesn't offer me a lot of job opportunities.
If you want to have better job opportunities, do you have to look for a job with another company?
Yes, if I want to have better job opportunities, I have to look for a job with another company.
What do you have to do if you want to have better job opportunities?
If I want to have better job opportunities, I have to look for a job with another company.
Do you like to sleep at your office instead of working?
No, I don't like to sleep at my office instead of working.
Can you earn a lot of money by sleeping at your office instead of working?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by sleeping at my office instead of working.
Can you get fired if you sleep at your office all the time instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I sleep at my office all the time instead of working.
Do you like to drink beer at your office instead of working?
No, I don't like to drink beer at my office instead of working.
Can you earn a lot of money by drinking beer at your office instead of working?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by drinking beer at my office instead of working.
Can you get fired if you drink beer at your office instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I drink beer at my office instead of working.
Do you have to work hard if you don't want to get fired?
Yes, I have to work hard if I don't want to get fired.
What do you have to do if you don't want to get fired?
I have to work hard if I don't want to get fired.
What do you have to do if you don't want to get fired?
Is there a pull sign on this door?
No, there isn't a pull sign on this door.
Is there a push sign on this door?
Yes, there is a push sign on this door.
Do you know what it means?
Yes, I know what it means.
What does it mean?
It means you have to push this door if you want to open it.
What does this "push" sign mean?
This "push" sign means you have to push this door if you want to open it.
What does this sign say?
This sign says "push".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "push".
If you want to walk into your room, do you have to pull this door?
No, if I want to walk into my room, I don't have to pull this door.
If you want to walk into your room, do you have to push this door?
Yes, if I want to walk into my room, I have to push this door.
What do you have to do if you want to walk into your room?
If I want to walk into my room, I have to push this door.
What do you have to do if you want to walk into your room?
Can you open the door by pushing it if there is a "pull" sign on it?
No, I can't open the door by pushing it if there is a "pull" sign on it.
Can you open the door by pulling it if there is a "push" sign on it?
No, I can't open the door by pulling it if there is a "push" sign on it.
Do you have a job?
Yes, I have a job.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you need a lot of work experience to get a good job?
Yes, I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
What do you think you need to get a good job?
I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job.
Does your boss like it when you're late for work?
No, my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Can your boss fire you if you get late for work too often?
Yes, my boss can fire me if I get late for work too often.
Do you want your boss to fire you?
No, I don't want my boss to fire me.
What can your boss do to you if you get late for work too often?
My boss can fire me if I get late for Work too often.
Do you have to pay your bills every month?
Yes, I have to pay my bills every month.
Do you enjoy paying your bills?
No, I don't enjoy paying my bills.
Do you have to pay your rent every month too?
Yes, I have to pay my rent every month too.
Can you live in your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Do they kick you out of your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
Yes, they kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do they do if you stop paying your rent?
They kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Is it pleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
No, it's not pleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Is it unpleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
Yes, it's unpleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Do you usually walk to work, or do you take the Subway?
I usually take the Subway to work.
How do you usually get to work?
I usually take the Subway to work.
How do you usually get to work?
Does it take you 1 hour to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me 1 hour to get to work in the morning.
Does it take you only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
It takes me 30 minutes to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
Do people often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour?
Yes, people often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour.
Where do people often get stuck when they drive during rush hour?
People often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour.
Do you enjoy getting stuck in traffic?
No, I don't enjoy getting stuck in traffic.
Do you hate getting stuck in traffic?
Yes, I hate getting stuck in traffic.
If you're stuck in traffic for too long, can you be late for work?
Yes, if I'm stuck in traffic for too long I can be late for work.
Is it very important for you to be at work at 9?
Yes, it's very important for me to be at work at 9.
Why?
Because my work day starts at 9.
Why is it very important for you to be at work at 9?
It's very important for me to be at work at 9 because my work day starts at 9.
Is it important for students to get good grades in college?
Yes, it's important for students to get good grades in college.
Do students have to study hard if they want to get good grades?
Yes, students have to study hard if they want to get good grades.
What do students have to do if they want to get good grades?
Students have to study hard if they want to get good grades.
What do students have to do if they want to get good grades?
What do students have to do if they want to get good grades?
Do they kick you out of college if you don't get good grades?
Yes, they kick you out of college if you don't get good grades.
What do they do to you if you don't get good grades?
They kick you out of college if you don't get good grades.
Why is it important to get good grades in college?
It's important to get good grades in college because they kick you out if you don't.
Why is it important to get good grades in college?
It's important to get good grades in college because they kick you out if you don't.
Do you like pizza?
Yes, I like pizza.
How many slices of pizza can you eat for dinner?
I can eat 3 slices of pizza for dinner.
Can you eat a whole pizza?
Yes, I can eat a whole pizza.
Do you have to be really hungry to eat a whole pizza?
Yes, I have to be really hungry to eat a whole pizza.
Is it good for your stomach to eat a whole pizza?
No, it's not good for my stomach to eat a whole pizza.
Do you put sugar on your pizza?
No, I don't put sugar on my pizza.
Does pizza taste good with sugar?
No, pizza doesn't taste good with sugar.
Does pizza taste terrible with sugar?
Yes, pizza tastes terrible with sugar.
How does pizza taste with sugar?
Pizza tastes terrible with sugar.
Why don't you put sugar on your pizza?
I don't put sugar on my pizza because it tastes terrible with sugar.
Do you like pizza with a lot of cheese on it?
Yes, I like pizza with a lot of cheese on it.
How do you like your pizza?
I like my pizza with a lot of cheese on it.
How do you like your pizza?
Is it important to be a good team player if you want to play basketball?
Yes, it's important to be a good team player if I want to play basketball.
What kind of player do you have to be if you want to play basketball?
I have to be a team player if I want to play basketball.
What kind of player do you have to be if you want to play basket ball?
What kind of player do you have to be if you want to play basketball?
I have to be a team player if I want to play basketball.
Do they kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player?
Yes, they kick you out of the basketball team if you're a terrible team player.
Why?
Because basketball is a team game.
Why do they kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player?
They kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player because basketball is a team game.
Why do they kick you out of the basketball team if you are a terrible team player?
The same applies to soccer, football, baseball and many other games.
How about a soccer team, can you stay on a soccer team if you are a terrible team player?
No, you can't stay on a soccer team if you are a terrible team player.
Why not?
Because soccer is a team game.
What do they do to you?
They kick you out.
Why do they kick you out of the soccer team if you are a terrible team player?
They kick you out of the soccer team if you are a terrible team player because soccer is a team game.
Do you want to learn to play basketball better?
Yes, I want to learn to play basketball better.
Can you learn to play basketball better by sitting on the couch and playing video games?
No, I can't learn to play basketball by sitting on the couch and playing video games.
Are you a college student?
No, I'm not a college student.
Do you want to go to college?
No, I don't want to go to college.
Do students prefer to get good grades, or bad grades?
Students prefer to get good grades.
What kind of grades do students prefer to get?
Students prefer to get good grades.
What kind of grades do students prefer to get?
Are you short?
No, I'm not short.
Are you tall?
Yes, I'm tall.
Do you play basketball?
Yes, I sometimes play basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Yes, I enjoy playing basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really tired?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
I want to sleep when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really hungry?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
I want to eat when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
Is it easy to play basketball if you're short?
No, It's not easy to play basketball if you're short.
Is it difficult to play basketball if you're short?
Yes, It's difficult to play basketball if you're short.
Do you like to play video games when you're tired and want to relax?
Yes, I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you like to play sports games when you're tired and want to relax?
No, I don't like to play sports games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you play soccer?
Yes, I sometimes play soccer.
Which do you like to play better, soccer or basketball?
I like to play soccer better.
Are both of these games team games?
Yes, both of these games are team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
I prefer team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
What kind of games do you like better, those where you play alone, or in team?
I like better those games where I play in team.
Tip
To tip a waiter
Comfortable
Uncomfortable
A trunk
To lie
To lie on the couch
A child
A kid
Children
An adult
A seat belt
To fasten your seat belt
Clothes
Glasses
To wear
I'm wearing clothes
I always wear a seat belt
A seat
A child seat
Most people
Old
New
Young
How old are you?
I'm 18.
I'm 18 years old?
Under 18.
Over 18.
Are you taking the Subway?
No, I'm not taking the subway.
Do you enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour?
No, I don't enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many peoples on the Subway during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour?
I don't enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour because there are too many people.
Are you driving a car?
Yes, I'm driving a car.
Are you driving to the movie theatre?
No, I'm not driving to the movie theatre.
Are you driving to the school library?
Yes, I'm driving to the school library.
Where are you driving?
I'm driving to the school library.
Do you have a paper to write?
Yes, I have a paper to write.
Why are you going to the school library?
I'm going to the school library because I have a paper to write.
Are you 12 years old?
No, I'm not 12 years old.
Are you 39 years old?
No, I'm not 39 years old.
How old are you?
I'm 20 years old.
How old are you?
Are you a child?
No, I'm not a child.
Are you an adult?
Yes, I'm an adult.
Are you under 18?
No, I'm not under 18.
Are you over 18?
Yes, I'm over 18.
Can you drive a car if you are under 18?
No, I can't drive a car if I'm under 18.
Can you drive a car if you are over 18?
Yes, I can drive a car if I'm over 18.
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
If I want to drive a car, I have to be over 18.
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
If I want to drive a car, I have to be over 18.
Do you want to be a child?
No, I don't want to be a child.
Are you lying or are you sitting?
I'm sitting.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Are you sitting on the couch?
No, I'm not sitting on the couch.
Are you sitting in the seat?
Yes, I'm sitting in the seat.
Where are you sitting?
I'm sitting in the seat.
Is this seat comfortable for you?
Yes, this seat is comfortable for me.
Do you like to drive cars with very uncomfortable seats?
No, I don't like to drive cars with very uncomfortable seats.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
Is it too small for you?
No, it's not too small for me.
Is your car trunk big enough for you?
Yes, my car trunk is big enough for me.
Do you like to sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't like to sleep in the trunk.
Is it comfortable for you to sleep in the trunk?
No, it's not comfortable for me to sleep in the trunk.
Is it uncomfortable for you to sleep in the trunk?
Yes, it's uncomfortable for me to sleep in the trunk.
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
I don't like to sleep in the trunk because it's not comfortable to sleep there.
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
I don't like to sleep in the trunk because it's not comfortable to sleep there.
Are you wearing a seat belt?
Yes, I'm wearing a seat belt.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
Do you always have to wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always have to wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always have to wear when you drive a car?
I always have to wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always have to wear when you drive a car?
Do most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car?
Yes, most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car.
What do most people wear when they drive a car?
Most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car.
What do most people wear when they drive a car?
Are you sitting in a child seat?
No, I'm not sitting in a child seat.
Why not?
Because I'm not a child.
Why aren't you sitting in a child seat?
I'm not sitting in a child seat because I'm not a child.
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Children have to sit in a child seat.
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Children have to sit in a child seat.
Are you wearing clothes?
Yes, I'm wearing clothes.
Do you like the clothes you're wearing?
Yes, I like the clothes I'm wearing.
Do you always wear clothes when you go to work?
Yes, I always wear clothes when I go to work.
Are your clothes comfortable for you?
Yes, my clothes are comfortable for me.
Are you wearing glasses?
No, I'm not wearing glasses.
Can you see well without glasses?
Yes, I can see well without glasses.
If you can't see well, do you have to wear glasses?
Yes, if I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
Am I wearing glasses?
Yes, you are wearing glasses
Why?
Because you can't see well without them.
Why am I wearing glasses?
You are wearing glasses because you can't see well without them.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday.
Do you enjoy working hard Monday to Friday?
Yes, I enjoy working hard Monday to Friday.
If you work hard Monday to Friday, does it mean you earn a lot of money?
No, if I work hard Monday to Friday, it doesn't mean I earn a lot of money.
Do people often earn peanuts when they work hard?
Yes, people often earn peanuts when they work hard.
Do you like to drink coffee at work?
Yes, I like to drink coffee at work.
Do you usually drink a lot of coffee at work?
Yes, I usually drink a lot of coffee at work.
Do you put any sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put some sugar in my coffee.
Do you put 10 spoons of sugar in your coffee?
No, I don't put 10 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
Do you put 2 spoons of sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
I usually put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
I usually put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
Does coffee taste good to you without sugar?
No, coffee doesn't taste good to me without sugar.
Does coffee taste terrible to you without sugar?
Yes, coffee tastes terrible to me without sugar.
Why do you put sugar in your coffee?
I put sugar in my coffee because coffee without sugar tastes terrible to me.
Why do you put sugar in your coffee?
I put sugar in my coffee because coffee without sugar tastes terrible to me.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
No, I don't often go to the restaurant.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to eat in a restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to eat in a restaurant everyday.
Does this restaurant have a waiter?
Yes, this restaurant has a waiter.
Does a waiter bring you food and drinks?
Yes, a waiter brings me food and drinks.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
A waiter brings me food and drinks at the restaurant.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
Do you have to pay the bill after you eat your food?
Yes, I have to pay the bill after I eat my food.
What do you have to pay at the restaurant after you eat your food?
I have to pay my bill at the restaurant after I eat my food.
Can you leave the restaurant without paying your bill?
No, I can't leave the restaurant without paying my bill.
Do you always tip your waiter when you pay your bill?
Yes, I always tip my waiter when I pay my bill.
Do you tip the waiter if you don't like the food?
Yes, I tip the waiter if I don't like the food.
Does it make the waiter feel good if you don't tip him?
No, it doesn't make the waiter feel good if I don't tip him.
Does it make the waiter feel bad if you don't tip him?
Yes, it makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
How does it make the waiter feel if you don't tip him?
It makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
Does it usually take you 5 minutes to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 5 minutes to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you 1 hour to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 1 hour to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you about 20 minutes to eat your lunch?
Yes, it usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch.
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch?
It usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch .
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch ?
Are the chairs in this restaurant comfortable?
No, the chairs in this restaurant aren't comfortable.
Are the chairs in this restaurant uncomfortable?
Yes, the chairs in this restaurant are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Do you like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends?
Yes, I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Do you like to work hard on weekends?
No, I don't like to work hard on weekends.
What do you like to do on weekends?
I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Can you earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing.
Can you only make a lot of money by working hard?
Yes, I can only make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
And smart.
Don't just work hard.
Work smart.
Be creative.
Generate business ideas.
That's the way to earn money.
And it only comes from hard work.
----‐------------------------------------------------------