Does your boss make you work 24/7?
No, my boss doesn't make me work 24/7.
Can anyone make you work 24/7?
No, no one can make me work 24/7
You can't work 24/7.
Unless you are a terminator.
If your boss offers you 1 million dollars a month, do you want to work 24/7?
No, if my boss offers me 1 million dollars a month, I don't want to work 24/7.
Do you work at a small company?
No, I don't work at a small company.
Do you work at a big company?
Yes, I work at a big company.
Do you know exactly how many people work at this company?
No, I don't know exactly how many people work at this company.
Do you work alone?
No, I don't work alone.
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you know exactly how many colleagues you have?
No, I don't know exactly how many colleagues I have.
Why not?
Because this is a big company.
How many colleagues do you have?
I have about 300 colleagues.
Do you know all your colleagues?
No, I don't know all my colleagues.
Do you know some of your colleagues?
Yes, I know some of my colleagues.
Do you like all your colleagues?
No, I don't like all my colleagues.
Do you think everybody likes you here?
No, I don't think everybody likes me here.
Is it pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
No, It's not pleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Is it unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
How does it feel to get bad grades when you study hard?
It's unpleasant to get bad grades when you study hard.
Do you have to hang out with your friends a lot if you want to get good grades?
No, I don't have to hang out with my friends a lot if I want to get good grades.
Do you have to study hard instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
What do you have to do instead of hanging out with your friends if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard instead of hanging out with my friends if I want to get good grades.
Bad grades mean no college degree
and all your job opportunities go bye-bye.
Are you short?
No, I'm not short.
Are you tall?
Yes, I'm tall.
Do you play basketball?
Yes, I sometimes play basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Yes, I enjoy playing basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really tired?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
I want to sleep when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really hungry?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
I want to eat when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
Is it easy to play basketball if you're short?
No, It's not easy to play basketball if you're short.
Is it difficult to play basketball if you're short?
Yes, It's difficult to play basketball if you're short.
Do you like to play video games when you're tired and want to relax?
Yes, I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you like to play sports games when you're tired and want to relax?
No, I don't like to play sports games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you play soccer?
Yes, I sometimes play soccer.
Which do you like to play better, soccer or basketball?
I like to play soccer better.
Are both of these games team games?
Yes, both of these games are team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
I prefer team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
What kind of games do you like better, those where you play alone, or in team?
I like better those games where I play in team.
Do you usually walk to work, or do you take the Subway?
I usually take the Subway to work.
How do you usually get to work?
I usually take the Subway to work.
How do you usually get to work?
Does it take you 1 hour to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me 1 hour to get to work in the morning.
Does it take you only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning?
No, it doesn't take me only 5 minutes to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
It takes me 30 minutes to get to work in the morning.
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
Do people often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour?
Yes, people often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour.
Where do people often get stuck when they drive during rush hour?
People often get stuck in traffic when they drive during rush hour.
Do you enjoy getting stuck in traffic?
No, I don't enjoy getting stuck in traffic.
Do you hate getting stuck in traffic?
Yes, I hate getting stuck in traffic.
If you're stuck in traffic for too long, can you be late for work?
Yes, if I'm stuck in traffic for too long I can be late for work.
Is it very important for you to be at work at 9?
Yes, it's very important for me to be at work at 9.
Why?
Because my work day starts at 9.
Why is it very important for you to be at work at 9?
It's very important for me to be at work at 9 because my work day starts at 9.
Does your boss like it when you're late for work?
No, my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Can your boss fire you if you get late for work too often?
Yes, my boss can fire me if I get late for work too often.
Do you want your boss to fire you?
No, I don't want my boss to fire me.
What can your boss do to you if you get late for work too often?
My boss can fire me if I get late for Work too often.
Do you have to pay your bills every month?
Yes, I have to pay my bills every month.
Do you enjoy paying your bills?
No, I don't enjoy paying my bills.
Do you have to pay your rent every month too?
Yes, I have to pay my rent every month too.
Can you live in your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Do they kick you out of your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
Yes, they kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do they do if you stop paying your rent?
They kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Is it pleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
No, it's not pleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Is it unpleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
Yes, it's unpleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Are you taking the Subway?
No, I'm not taking the subway.
Do you enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour?
No, I don't enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many peoples on the Subway during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour?
I don't enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour because there are too many people.
Are you driving a car?
Yes, I'm driving a car.
Are you driving to the movie theatre?
No, I'm not driving to the movie theatre.
Are you driving to the school library?
Yes, I'm driving to the school library.
Where are you driving?
I'm driving to the school library.
Do you have a paper to write?
Yes, I have a paper to write.
Why are you going to the school library?
I'm going to the school library because I have a paper to write.
Are you 12 years old?
No, I'm not 12 years old.
Are you 39 years old?
No, I'm not 39 years old.
How old are you?
I'm 20 years old.
How old are you?
Are you a child?
No, I'm not a child.
Are you an adult?
Yes, I'm an adult.
Are you under 18?
No, I'm not under 18.
Are you over 18?
Yes, I'm over 18.
Can you drive a car if you are under 18?
No, I can't drive a car if I'm under 18.
Can you drive a car if you are over 18?
Yes, I can drive a car if I'm over 18.
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
If I want to drive a car, I have to be over 18.
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
If I want to drive a car, I have to be over 18.
Do you want to be a child?
No, I don't want to be a child.
Are you lying or are you sitting?
I'm sitting.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Are you sitting on the couch?
No, I'm not sitting on the couch.
Are you sitting in the seat?
Yes, I'm sitting in the seat.
Where are you sitting?
I'm sitting in the seat.
Is this seat comfortable for you?
Yes, this seat is comfortable for me.
Do you like to drive cars with very uncomfortable seats?
No, I don't like to drive cars with very uncomfortable seats.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
Is it too small for you?
No, it's not too small for me.
Is your car trunk big enough for you?
Yes, my car trunk is big enough for me.
Do you like to sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't like to sleep in the trunk.
Is it comfortable for you to sleep in the trunk?
No, it's not comfortable for me to sleep in the trunk.
Is it uncomfortable for you to sleep in the trunk?
Yes, it's uncomfortable for me to sleep in the trunk.
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
I don't like to sleep in the trunk because it's not comfortable to sleep there.
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
I don't like to sleep in the trunk because it's not comfortable to sleep there.
Are you wearing a seat belt?
Yes, I'm wearing a seat belt.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
Do you always have to wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always have to wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always have to wear when you drive a car?
I always have to wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always have to wear when you drive a car?
Do most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car?
Yes, most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car.
What do most people wear when they drive a car?
Most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car.
What do most people wear when they drive a car?
Are you sitting in a child seat?
No, I'm not sitting in a child seat.
Why not?
Because I'm not a child.
Why aren't you sitting in a child seat?
I'm not sitting in a child seat because I'm not a child.
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Children have to sit in a child seat.
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Children have to sit in a child seat.
Are you wearing clothes?
Yes, I'm wearing clothes.
Do you like the clothes you're wearing?
Yes, I like the clothes I'm wearing.
Do you always wear clothes when you go to work?
Yes, I always wear clothes when I go to work.
Are your clothes comfortable for you?
Yes, my clothes are comfortable for me.
Are you wearing glasses?
No, I'm not wearing glasses.
Can you see well without glasses?
Yes, I can see well without glasses.
If you can't see well, do you have to wear glasses?
Yes, if I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
Am I wearing glasses?
Yes, you are wearing glasses
Why?
Because you can't see well without them.
Why am I wearing glasses?
You are wearing glasses because you can't see well without them.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
No, I don't often go to the restaurant.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to eat in a restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to eat in a restaurant everyday.
Does this restaurant have a waiter?
Yes, this restaurant has a waiter.
Does a waiter bring you food and drinks?
Yes, a waiter brings me food and drinks.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
A waiter brings me food and drinks at the restaurant.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
Do you have to pay the bill after you eat your food?
Yes, I have to pay the bill after I eat my food.
What do you have to pay at the restaurant after you eat your food?
I have to pay my bill at the restaurant after I eat my food.
Can you leave the restaurant without paying your bill?
No, I can't leave the restaurant without paying my bill.
Do you always tip your waiter when you pay your bill?
Yes, I always tip my waiter when I pay my bill.
Do you tip the waiter if you don't like the food?
Yes, I tip the waiter if I don't like the food.
Does it make the waiter feel good if you don't tip him?
No, it doesn't make the waiter feel good if I don't tip him.
Does it make the waiter feel bad if you don't tip him?
Yes, it makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
How does it make the waiter feel if you don't tip him?
It makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
Does it usually take you 5 minutes to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 5 minutes to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you 1 hour to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 1 hour to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you about 20 minutes to eat your lunch?
Yes, it usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch.
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch?
It usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch .
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch ?
Are the chairs in this restaurant comfortable?
No, the chairs in this restaurant aren't comfortable.
Are the chairs in this restaurant uncomfortable?
Yes, the chairs in this restaurant are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Do you like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends?
Yes, I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Do you like to work hard on weekends?
No, I don't like to work hard on weekends.
What do you like to do on weekends?
I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Can you earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing.
Can you only make a lot of money by working hard?
Yes, I can only make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
And smart.
Don't just work hard.
Work smart.
Be creative.
Generate business ideas.
That's the way to earn money.
And it only comes from hard work.
To fall
A dollar bill
To drop
To drop a dollar bill
Glass
To break
To look
Look at me!
I'm looking at you!
Sunglasses
To pick something up
I want to pick up that dollar bill
To put on your clothes
To take off your clothes
Messy
To get messy
A ticket
To fit
Sunny
In a sunny weather
Else
What else?
Something else
Nothing else
There is nowhere else to go.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this flour is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor with your eyes closed?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor with my eyes closed.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor with your eyes closed?
Is it pleasant to fall on the wet floor?
No, it's not pleasant to fall on the wet floor.
Is it unpleasant to fall on the wet floor?
Yes, it's unpleasant to fall on the wet floor.
Is it Sunny now?
No, it's not Sunny now.
Are you wearing sunglasses?
No, I'm not wearing sunglasses.
Why not?
Because it's not Sunny now.
Why aren't you wearing sunglasses?
I'm not wearing sunglasses because it's not Sunny now.
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
How's the weather now?
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
Are you holding anything in your hand?
Yes, I'm holding something in my hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding an umbrella in my hand.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why are you holding an umbrella in Your hand?
I'm holding an umbrella in my hand because it's raining.
Are you holding anything else in your hand?
No, I'm not holding anything else in my hand.
What else are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding nothing else in my hand.
Do you need to wear sunglasses when it's raining hard?
No, I don't need to wear sunglasses when it's raining hard .
Of course not.
You're not Neo.
And we're not in the Matrix.
Do you need to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather?
Yes, I need to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
What do you need to wear in a Sunny weather?
I need to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
What do you need to wear in a Sunny weather?
Is it good for your eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather?
Yes, it's good for my eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
Is it bad for your eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather?
No, it's not bad for my eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
Do you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
No, I don't put on my sunglasses when I go to sleep.
Why would you do that, indeed...
Is it comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses?
No, it's not comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses.
Why don't you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
I don't put on my sunglasses when I go to sleep because it's not comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses.
Why don't you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
Why don't you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
I don't put on my sunglasses when I go to sleep because it's not comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses.
Do you always put on your clothes before you leave home?
Yes, I always put on my clothes before I leave home.
Do you take off your clothes before you leave home?
No, I don't take off my clothes before I leave home.
What do you do with your clothes before you leave home?
I put on my clothes before I leave home.
If it's raining and you don't have your umbrella with you, do you get wet?
Yes, if it's raining and I don't have my umbrella with me, I get wet.
Is it comfortable for you to wear wet clothes?
No, it's not comfortable for me to wear wet clothes.
If you walk in the rain without an umbrella, does your hair get messy?
Yes, if I walk in the rain without an umbrella, my hair gets messy.
Do you like it when your hair gets messy?
No, I don't like it when my hair gets messy.
When your hair gets messy, do you have to groom it?
Yes, when my hair gets messy, I have to groom it.
What do you have to do with your hair when it get messy?
I have to groom my hair when it gets messy.
What do you have to do with your hair when it get messy?
What do you have to do with your hair when it get messy?
I have to groom my hair when it gets messy.
Does your hair sometimes get messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
Yes, my hair sometimes gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Do you like it when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
No, I don't like it when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Does it drive you crazy when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it ?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Does it drive you crazy when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
How does it make you feel when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
It drives me crazy when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
How does it make you feel when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
How does it make you feel when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
It drives me crazy when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Do you have some dollar bills in your pocket?
Yes, I have some dollar bills in my pocket.
Is it comfortable to walk with 1000 bills in your pocket?
No, it's not comfortable to walk with 1000 bills in my pocket.
Can 1000 dollar bills fit in your pocket?
No, 1000 dollar bills can't fit in my pocket.
If you see a dollar bill lying in the street, do you pick it up?
Yes, if I see a dollar bill lying in the street I pick it up.
What do you do if you see a dollar bill lying in the street?
If I see a dollar bill lying in the street, I pick it up.
If you drop a dollar bill in the street, do you pick it up?
Yes, if I drop a dollar bill in the street, I pick it up.
What do you do if you drop a dollar bill in the street?
If I drop a dollar bill in the street, I pick it up.
Can someone else pick up your dollar bill if you don't?
Yes, someone else can pick up my dollar bill if I don't.
What can someone else do if you drop your dollar bill in the street and don't pick it up?
If I drop my dollar bill in the street and don't pick it up, someone else can pick it up.
Does a dollar bill break if you drop it from the 3'd floor?
No, a dollar bill doesn't break if I drop it from the 3'd floor.
Does a dollar bill break if you drop it from the 10th floor?
No, a dollar bill doesn't break if I drop it from the 10th floor.
Do people wear glasses when they can't see well?
Yes, people wear glasses when they can't see well.
Do people wear sunglasses when they can't see well?
No, people don't wear sunglasses when they can't see well.
What do people wear when they can't see well?
People wear glasses when they can't see well.
Is it comfortable to wear broken glasses?
No, It's not comfortable to wear broken glasses.
Can you see well wearing broken glasses?
No, I can't see well wearing broken glasses.
Do you have a phone?
Yes, I have a phone.
How many phones do you have?
I have one phone.
Is it too big for you?
No, it's not too big for me.
Can your phone fit in your pocket?
Yes, my phone can fit in my pocket.
If your phone is too big to fit in your pocket, do you have to buy another phone?
Yes, if my phone is too big to fit in my pocket, I have to buy another phone.
Which wouldn't be a size of a snowboard.
What do you have to do if your phone is too big to fit in your pocket?
If my phone is too big to fit in my pocket, I have to buy another phone.
Is the glass on your phone broken?
No, the glass on my phone isn't broken.
Do you like to use a phone with a broken glass?
No, I don't like to use a phone with a broken glass.
Do you hate to use a phone with a broken glass?
Yes, I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
Does a phone glass break if you drop it from the 3'd floor?
Yes, a phone glass breaks if I drop it from the 3'd floor.
Does a phone glass break if you drop it from the 10th floor?
Yes, a phone glass breaks if I drop it from the 10th floor.
Do you live in the street?
No, I don't live in the street.
Are there many homeless people living in this city?
Yes, there are many homeless people living in this city.
Are there many snakes living in this park?
No, there aren't many snakes living in this park.
If you see a snake, do you try to hit it.
No, if I see a snake, I don't try to hit it.
If you try to hit a snake, can it bite you?
Yes, if I try to hit a snake, it can bite me.
What can a snake do if you try to hit it?
If I try to hit a snake, it can bite me.
What can a snack do if you try to hit it?
Is it Winter, or summer now?
It's winter now.
Is there any snow in the park now?
Yes, there is some snow in the park now.
Is there a little snow in the park now?
No, there isn't a little snow in the park now.
Is there a lot of snow in the park now?
Yes, there is a lot of snow in the park now.
Do you like to eat snow?
No, I don't like to eat snow.
Do you eat snow when you have nothing else to eat?
No, I don't eat snow when I have nothing else to eat.
Do small kids like to eat snow when their parents aren't looking at them?
Yes, small kids like to eat snow when their parents aren't looking at them.
What do small kids like to do in winter when their parents aren't looking at them?
Small kids like to eat snow in winter when their parents aren't looking at them.
Are you wearing sunglasses?
No, I'm not wearing sunglasses.
Are you wearing glasses?
Yes, I'm wearing glasses.
Why?
Because I can't see well without them.
Why are you wearing glasses?
I'm wearing glasses because I can't see well without them.
Are your glasses broken?
No, my glasses aren't broken.
Is it comfortable to wear broken glasses?
No, it's not comfortable to wear broken glasses.
Is it uncomfortable to wear broken glasses?
Yes, it's uncomfortable to wear broken glasses.
If you drop your glasses in the snow, do they break?
No, if I drop my glasses in the snow, they don't break.
Do you have to pay to walk in this park?
No, I don't have to pay to walk in this park.
Do you need to buy a ticket to walk in this park?
No, I don't need to buy a ticket to walk in this park.
Can you walk in this park for free?
Yes, I can walk in this park for free.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
Why not?
Because it's free.
It's free.
You can walk in this park for free.
Do you need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
Yes, I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
If you try to watch a movie without a ticket, can they kick you out?
Yes, if I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
What can they do if you try to watch a movie without a ticket?
If I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
If your clothes get wet in the rain, do you have to take them off to make them dry?
Yes, if my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
Do you know any winter sports game?
Yes, I know some winter sports games.
Do you like to play winter sports games?
Yes, I like to play winter sports games.
Do you sometimes like to play video games, too?
Yes, I sometimes like to play video games, too.
Which is better for you, to play video games or sports games?
It's better for me to play sports games.
----‐------------------------------------------------------