Does it usually take you 5 minutes to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 5 minutes to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you 1 hour to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 1 hour to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you about 20 minutes to eat your lunch?
Yes, it usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch.
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch?
It usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch .
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch ?
Are the chairs in this restaurant comfortable?
No, the chairs in this restaurant aren't comfortable.
Are the chairs in this restaurant uncomfortable?
Yes, the chairs in this restaurant are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Do you like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends?
Yes, I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Do you like to work hard on weekends?
No, I don't like to work hard on weekends.
What do you like to do on weekends?
I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Can you earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing.
Can you only make a lot of money by working hard?
Yes, I can only make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
And smart.
Don't just work hard.
Work smart.
Be creative.
Generate business ideas.
That's the way to earn money.
And it only comes from hard work.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
No, I don't often go to the restaurant.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to eat in a restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to eat in a restaurant everyday.
Does this restaurant have a waiter?
Yes, this restaurant has a waiter.
Does a waiter bring you food and drinks?
Yes, a waiter brings me food and drinks.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
A waiter brings me food and drinks at the restaurant.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
Do you have to pay the bill after you eat your food?
Yes, I have to pay the bill after I eat my food.
What do you have to pay at the restaurant after you eat your food?
I have to pay my bill at the restaurant after I eat my food.
Can you leave the restaurant without paying your bill?
No, I can't leave the restaurant without paying my bill.
Do you always tip your waiter when you pay your bill?
Yes, I always tip my waiter when I pay my bill.
Do you tip the waiter if you don't like the food?
Yes, I tip the waiter if I don't like the food.
Does it make the waiter feel good if you don't tip him?
No, it doesn't make the waiter feel good if I don't tip him.
Does it make the waiter feel bad if you don't tip him?
Yes, it makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
How does it make the waiter feel if you don't tip him?
It makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
Are you wearing clothes?
Yes, I'm wearing clothes.
Do you like the clothes you're wearing?
Yes, I like the clothes I'm wearing.
Do you always wear clothes when you go to work?
Yes, I always wear clothes when I go to work.
Are your clothes comfortable for you?
Yes, my clothes are comfortable for me.
Are you wearing glasses?
No, I'm not wearing glasses.
Can you see well without glasses?
Yes, I can see well without glasses.
If you can't see well, do you have to wear glasses?
Yes, if I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
Am I wearing glasses?
Yes, you are wearing glasses
Why?
Because you can't see well without them.
Why am I wearing glasses?
You are wearing glasses because you can't see well without them.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday.
Are you lying or are you sitting?
I'm sitting.
Are you sitting on the floor?
No, I'm not sitting on the floor.
Are you sitting on the couch?
No, I'm not sitting on the couch.
Are you sitting in the seat?
Yes, I'm sitting in the seat.
Where are you sitting?
I'm sitting in the seat.
Is this seat comfortable for you?
Yes, this seat is comfortable for me.
Do you like to drive cars with very uncomfortable seats?
No, I don't like to drive cars with very uncomfortable seats.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
Is it too small for you?
No, it's not too small for me.
Is your car trunk big enough for you?
Yes, my car trunk is big enough for me.
Do you like to sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't like to sleep in the trunk.
Is it comfortable for you to sleep in the trunk?
No, it's not comfortable for me to sleep in the trunk.
Is it uncomfortable for you to sleep in the trunk?
Yes, it's uncomfortable for me to sleep in the trunk.
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
I don't like to sleep in the trunk because it's not comfortable to sleep there.
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
Why don't you like to sleep in the trunk?
I don't like to sleep in the trunk because it's not comfortable to sleep there.
Are you wearing a seat belt?
Yes, I'm wearing a seat belt.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
Do you always have to wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always have to wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always have to wear when you drive a car?
I always have to wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always have to wear when you drive a car?
Do most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car?
Yes, most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car.
What do most people wear when they drive a car?
Most people wear a seat belt when they drive a car.
What do most people wear when they drive a car?
Are you sitting in a child seat?
No, I'm not sitting in a child seat.
Why not?
Because I'm not a child.
Why aren't you sitting in a child seat?
I'm not sitting in a child seat because I'm not a child.
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Children have to sit in a child seat.
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Who has to sit in a child seat?
Children have to sit in a child seat.
Does your boss like it when you're late for work?
No, my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Can your boss fire you if you get late for work too often?
Yes, my boss can fire me if I get late for work too often.
Do you want your boss to fire you?
No, I don't want my boss to fire me.
What can your boss do to you if you get late for work too often?
My boss can fire me if I get late for Work too often.
Do you have to pay your bills every month?
Yes, I have to pay my bills every month.
Do you enjoy paying your bills?
No, I don't enjoy paying my bills.
Do you have to pay your rent every month too?
Yes, I have to pay my rent every month too.
Can you live in your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
No, I can't live in my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Do they kick you out of your apartment if you stop paying your rent?
Yes, they kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
What do they do if you stop paying your rent?
They kick me out of my apartment if I stop paying my rent.
Is it pleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
No, it's not pleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Is it unpleasant when they kick you out of your apartment?
Yes, it's unpleasant when they kick me out of my apartment.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Why is it important to pay your rent every month?
It's important to pay my rent every month because they can kick me out if I don't.
Are you short?
No, I'm not short.
Are you tall?
Yes, I'm tall.
Do you play basketball?
Yes, I sometimes play basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Yes, I enjoy playing basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really tired?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
I want to sleep when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really hungry?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
I want to eat when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
Is it easy to play basketball if you're short?
No, It's not easy to play basketball if you're short.
Is it difficult to play basketball if you're short?
Yes, It's difficult to play basketball if you're short.
Do you like to play video games when you're tired and want to relax?
Yes, I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you like to play sports games when you're tired and want to relax?
No, I don't like to play sports games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you play soccer?
Yes, I sometimes play soccer.
Which do you like to play better, soccer or basketball?
I like to play soccer better.
Are both of these games team games?
Yes, both of these games are team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
I prefer team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
What kind of games do you like better, those where you play alone, or in team?
I like better those games where I play in team.
Do you have to pay to walk in this park?
No, I don't have to pay to walk in this park.
Do you need to buy a ticket to walk in this park?
No, I don't need to buy a ticket to walk in this park.
Can you walk in this park for free?
Yes, I can walk in this park for free.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
Why not?
Because it's free.
It's free.
You can walk in this park for free.
Do you need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
Yes, I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
If you try to watch a movie without a ticket, can they kick you out?
Yes, if I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
What can they do if you try to watch a movie without a ticket?
If I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
If your clothes get wet in the rain, do you have to take them off to make them dry?
Yes, if my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
Do you know any winter sports game?
Yes, I know some winter sports games.
Do you like to play winter sports games?
Yes, I like to play winter sports games.
Do you sometimes like to play video games, too?
Yes, I sometimes like to play video games, too.
Which is better for you, to play video games or sports games?
It's better for me to play sports games.
Do you live in the street?
No, I don't live in the street.
Are there many homeless people living in this city?
Yes, there are many homeless people living in this city.
Are there many snakes living in this park?
No, there aren't many snakes living in this park.
If you see a snake, do you try to hit it.
No, if I see a snake, I don't try to hit it.
If you try to hit a snake, can it bite you?
Yes, if I try to hit a snake, it can bite me.
What can a snake do if you try to hit it?
If I try to hit a snake, it can bite me.
What can a snack do if you try to hit it?
Is it Winter, or summer now?
It's winter now.
Is there any snow in the park now?
Yes, there is some snow in the park now.
Is there a little snow in the park now?
No, there isn't a little snow in the park now.
Is there a lot of snow in the park now?
Yes, there is a lot of snow in the park now.
Do you like to eat snow?
No, I don't like to eat snow.
Do you eat snow when you have nothing else to eat?
No, I don't eat snow when I have nothing else to eat.
Do small kids like to eat snow when their parents aren't looking at them?
Yes, small kids like to eat snow when their parents aren't looking at them.
What do small kids like to do in winter when their parents aren't looking at them?
Small kids like to eat snow in winter when their parents aren't looking at them.
Are you wearing sunglasses?
No, I'm not wearing sunglasses.
Are you wearing glasses?
Yes, I'm wearing glasses.
Why?
Because I can't see well without them.
Why are you wearing glasses?
I'm wearing glasses because I can't see well without them.
Are your glasses broken?
No, my glasses aren't broken.
Is it comfortable to wear broken glasses?
No, it's not comfortable to wear broken glasses.
Is it uncomfortable to wear broken glasses?
Yes, it's uncomfortable to wear broken glasses.
If you drop your glasses in the snow, do they break?
No, if I drop my glasses in the snow, they don't break.
Is it comfortable to wear broken glasses?
No, It's not comfortable to wear broken glasses.
Can you see well wearing broken glasses?
No, I can't see well wearing broken glasses.
Do you have a phone?
Yes, I have a phone.
How many phones do you have?
I have one phone.
Is it too big for you?
No, it's not too big for me.
Can your phone fit in your pocket?
Yes, my phone can fit in my pocket.
If your phone is too big to fit in your pocket, do you have to buy another phone?
Yes, if my phone is too big to fit in my pocket, I have to buy another phone.
Which wouldn't be a size of a snowboard.
What do you have to do if your phone is too big to fit in your pocket?
If my phone is too big to fit in my pocket, I have to buy another phone.
Is the glass on your phone broken?
No, the glass on my phone isn't broken.
Do you like to use a phone with a broken glass?
No, I don't like to use a phone with a broken glass.
Do you hate to use a phone with a broken glass?
Yes, I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
Does a phone glass break if you drop it from the 3'd floor?
Yes, a phone glass breaks if I drop it from the 3'd floor.
Does a phone glass break if you drop it from the 10th floor?
Yes, a phone glass breaks if I drop it from the 10th floor.
Do you have some dollar bills in your pocket?
Yes, I have some dollar bills in my pocket.
Is it comfortable to walk with 1000 bills in your pocket?
No, it's not comfortable to walk with 1000 bills in my pocket.
Can 1000 dollar bills fit in your pocket?
No, 1000 dollar bills can't fit in my pocket.
If you see a dollar bill lying in the street, do you pick it up?
Yes, if I see a dollar bill lying in the street I pick it up.
What do you do if you see a dollar bill lying in the street?
If I see a dollar bill lying in the street, I pick it up.
If you drop a dollar bill in the street, do you pick it up?
Yes, if I drop a dollar bill in the street, I pick it up.
What do you do if you drop a dollar bill in the street?
If I drop a dollar bill in the street, I pick it up.
Can someone else pick up your dollar bill if you don't?
Yes, someone else can pick up my dollar bill if I don't.
What can someone else do if you drop your dollar bill in the street and don't pick it up?
If I drop my dollar bill in the street and don't pick it up, someone else can pick it up.
Does a dollar bill break if you drop it from the 3'd floor?
No, a dollar bill doesn't break if I drop it from the 3'd floor.
Does a dollar bill break if you drop it from the 10th floor?
No, a dollar bill doesn't break if I drop it from the 10th floor.
Do people wear glasses when they can't see well?
Yes, people wear glasses when they can't see well.
Do people wear sunglasses when they can't see well?
No, people don't wear sunglasses when they can't see well.
What do people wear when they can't see well?
People wear glasses when they can't see well.
To break down
My car often breaks down
To fix
A garage
A truck
A tow truck
To tow a car
Gas
My car runs on gas
Electricity
An electric car
A charging station
High
Low
My car is low on gas
A battery
To charge
A charge
A low charge
To fill up a car
A gas station
Are you in the restaurant now?
No, I'm not in the restaurant now.
Are you at a movie theatre now?
No, I'm not at a new with theatre now.
Are you at a gas station now?
Yes, I'm at a gas station.
Are you here to drink some beer?
No, I'm not here to drink some beer.
Are you here to eat a slice of pizza?
No, I'm not here to eat a slice of pizza.
Are you here to fill up your car?
Yes, I'm here to fill up my car.
Why are you here?
I'm here to fill up my car.
Am I filling up your car now?
Yes, you're filling up my car now.
Whose car am I filling up now?
You are filling up my car now.
Am I filling it up with green tea?
No, you aren't filling it up with green tea.
Are you sure?
Am I filling up your car with peanuts?
No, you aren't filling up my car with peanuts.
Am I filling up your car with gas?
Yes, you are filling up my car with gas.
What am I filling up your car with?
You are filling up my car with gas.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on beer?
No, my car doesn't run on beer.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
Is there a lot of gas in your car?
No, there isn't a lot of gas in my car.
Is your car low on gas?
Yes, my car is low on gas.
Why am I filling up your car?
You are filling up my car because it's low on gas.
Why am I filling up your car?
You are filling up my car because it's low on gas.
Does it take 1 hour to fill up your car?
No, it doesn't take 1 hour to fill up my car.
Does it take 1 minute to fill up your car?
No, it doesn't take 1 minute to fill up my car.
How long does it take to fill up your car?
It takes about 3 minutes to fill up my car.
How long does it take to fill up your car?
How long does it take to fill up your car?
It takes about 3 minutes to fill up my car.
If I say my car is low on gas, does it mean there is a lot of gas in it?
No, if you say your car is low on gas, it doesn't mean there is a lot of gas in it.
If I say my car is low on gas, does it mean there is very little gas in it?
Yes, if you say your car is low on gas, it means there is very little gas in it.
What does it mean if I say my car is low on gas?
If you say your car is low on gas, it means there is very little gas in it.
When your car is low on gas, do you have to look for a gas station?
Yes, when my car is low on gas, I have to look for a gas station.
Do they sell gas in a restaurant?
No, they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
When your car is low on gas, do you have to look for a restaurant?
No, when my car is low on gas, I don't have to look for a restaurant.
Why not?
Because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
I don't look for a restaurant when my car is low on gas because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
I don't look for a restaurant when my car is low on gas because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Can you fill up your car in a restaurant?
No, I can't fill up my car in a restaurant.
Why not?
Because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Do we call a place where they sell gas a gas station?
Yes, we call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
We call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
We call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
Do you have money to pay for gas?
Yes, I have money to pay for gas.
Do you think you have enough money to pay for gas?
Yes, I think I have enough money to pay for gas.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
Is your car very expensive?
No, my car isn't very expensive.
Can you buy a very expensive car if you earn peanuts?
No, I can't buy a very expensive car if I earn peanuts.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to buy an expensive car?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to buy an expensive car.
How much money do you have to earn if you want to buy an expensive car?
I have to earn a lot of money if I want to buy an expensive car.
Do you drive an electric car?
No, I don't drive an electric car.
Do you want to have an electric car?
Yes, I want to have an electric car.
Is it expensive to drive an electric car?
No, it's not expensive to drive an electric car.
Is it cheap to drive an electric car?
Yes, it's cheap to drive an electric car.
Do electric cars run on gas?
No, electric cars don't run on gas.
Do electric cars run on water?
No, electric cars don't run on water.
Do electric cars run on electricity?
Yes, electric cars run on electricity.
What do electric cars run on?
Electric cars run on electricity.
What do electric cars run on?
Do you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
No, I don't need to fill up my electric car with gas.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on gas.
Why don't you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
I don't need to fill up my electric car with gas because it doesn't run on gas.
Why don't you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
With electric cars.
You have to charge them.
If your car battery is low.
If your car battery has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
Again.
If your electric car has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a gas station?
No, when my electric car battery is low, I don't have to look for a gas station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a charging station?
Yes, when my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
What do you have to look for when your electric car battery is low?
When my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
Does it take 3 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 3 minutes to charge my electric car.
Does it take 10 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 10 minutes to charge my electric car.
It can take about 30 minutes.
If you use some kind of a supercharger.
If you charge from your home outlet.
It can take hours to charge from empty to full.
Do you drive a car, or a truck?
I drive a car.
Does your car often break down?
No, my car doesn't often break down.
Do you like it when your car breaks down?
No, I don't like it when my car breaks down.
Do you hate it when your car breaks down?
Yes, I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
Does it drive you crazy when your car breaks down?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my car breaks down.
Do you know how to fix your car if it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car if it breaks down.
Do they probably know how to fix your car at the garage when it breaks down?
Yes, they probably know how to fix my car at the garage when it breaks down.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to call for a tow truck?
Yes, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to order a pizza delivery?
No, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I don't have to order a pizza delivery.
What do you have to do when your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it?
When my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
So, if your car breaks down.
You can call for a tow truck.
Which will tow your car to the garage.
But of course.
It's not for free.
You have to pay for it.
Do you have to get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
Yes, I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
Do they tow your car to the garage for free?
No, they don't tow my car to the garage for free.
Do you have to pay for towing your car to the garage?
Yes, I have to pay for towing my car to the garage.
Is your car too small for you?
No, my car isn't too small for me.
Is your car big enough for you?
Yes, my car is big enough for me.
Can 20 people fit in your car?
No, 20 people can't fit in my car.
Can 11 people fit in your car?
No, 11 people can't fit in my car.
Can 5 people fit in your car?
Yes, 5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
Can you charge your electric car for free at the charging station?
No, I can't charge my electric car for free at the charging station.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
You want to charge your car.
You want to fill it up.
Pay for it.
----‐------------------------------------------------------