Do you have to pay to walk in this park?
No, I don't have to pay to walk in this park.
Do you need to buy a ticket to walk in this park?
No, I don't need to buy a ticket to walk in this park.
Can you walk in this park for free?
Yes, I can walk in this park for free.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
Why not?
Because it's free.
It's free.
You can walk in this park for free.
Do you need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
Yes, I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
If you try to watch a movie without a ticket, can they kick you out?
Yes, if I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
What can they do if you try to watch a movie without a ticket?
If I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
If your clothes get wet in the rain, do you have to take them off to make them dry?
Yes, if my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
Do you know any winter sports game?
Yes, I know some winter sports games.
Do you like to play winter sports games?
Yes, I like to play winter sports games.
Do you sometimes like to play video games, too?
Yes, I sometimes like to play video games, too.
Which is better for you, to play video games or sports games?
It's better for me to play sports games.
If it's raining and you don't have your umbrella with you, do you get wet?
Yes, if it's raining and I don't have my umbrella with me, I get wet.
Is it comfortable for you to wear wet clothes?
No, it's not comfortable for me to wear wet clothes.
If you walk in the rain without an umbrella, does your hair get messy?
Yes, if I walk in the rain without an umbrella, my hair gets messy.
Do you like it when your hair gets messy?
No, I don't like it when my hair gets messy.
When your hair gets messy, do you have to groom it?
Yes, when my hair gets messy, I have to groom it.
What do you have to do with your hair when it get messy?
I have to groom my hair when it gets messy.
What do you have to do with your hair when it get messy?
What do you have to do with your hair when it get messy?
I have to groom my hair when it gets messy.
Does your hair sometimes get messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
Yes, my hair sometimes gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Do you like it when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
No, I don't like it when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Does it drive you crazy when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it ?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Does it drive you crazy when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
How does it make you feel when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
It drives me crazy when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
How does it make you feel when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
How does it make you feel when your hair gets messy 5 minutes after you groom it?
It drives me crazy when my hair gets messy 5 minutes after I groom it.
Do you need to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather?
Yes, I need to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
What do you need to wear in a Sunny weather?
I need to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
What do you need to wear in a Sunny weather?
Is it good for your eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather?
Yes, it's good for my eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
Is it bad for your eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather?
No, it's not bad for my eyes to wear sunglasses in a Sunny weather.
Do you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
No, I don't put on my sunglasses when I go to sleep.
Why would you do that, indeed...
Is it comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses?
No, it's not comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses.
Why don't you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
I don't put on my sunglasses when I go to sleep because it's not comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses.
Why don't you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
Why don't you put on your sunglasses when you go to sleep?
I don't put on my sunglasses when I go to sleep because it's not comfortable to sleep wearing sunglasses.
Do you always put on your clothes before you leave home?
Yes, I always put on my clothes before I leave home.
Do you take off your clothes before you leave home?
No, I don't take off my clothes before I leave home.
What do you do with your clothes before you leave home?
I put on my clothes before I leave home.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this flour is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor with your eyes closed?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor with my eyes closed.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor with your eyes closed?
Is it pleasant to fall on the wet floor?
No, it's not pleasant to fall on the wet floor.
Is it unpleasant to fall on the wet floor?
Yes, it's unpleasant to fall on the wet floor.
Is it Sunny now?
No, it's not Sunny now.
Are you wearing sunglasses?
No, I'm not wearing sunglasses.
Why not?
Because it's not Sunny now.
Why aren't you wearing sunglasses?
I'm not wearing sunglasses because it's not Sunny now.
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
How's the weather now?
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
Are you holding anything in your hand?
Yes, I'm holding something in my hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding an umbrella in my hand.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why are you holding an umbrella in Your hand?
I'm holding an umbrella in my hand because it's raining.
Are you holding anything else in your hand?
No, I'm not holding anything else in my hand.
What else are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding nothing else in my hand.
Do you need to wear sunglasses when it's raining hard?
No, I don't need to wear sunglasses when it's raining hard .
Of course not.
You're not Neo.
And we're not in the Matrix.
Does it usually take you 5 minutes to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 5 minutes to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you 1 hour to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 1 hour to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you about 20 minutes to eat your lunch?
Yes, it usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch.
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch?
It usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch .
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch ?
Are the chairs in this restaurant comfortable?
No, the chairs in this restaurant aren't comfortable.
Are the chairs in this restaurant uncomfortable?
Yes, the chairs in this restaurant are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Do you like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends?
Yes, I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Do you like to work hard on weekends?
No, I don't like to work hard on weekends.
What do you like to do on weekends?
I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Can you earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing.
Can you only make a lot of money by working hard?
Yes, I can only make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
And smart.
Don't just work hard.
Work smart.
Be creative.
Generate business ideas.
That's the way to earn money.
And it only comes from hard work.
Do you often go to the restaurant?
No, I don't often go to the restaurant.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to eat in a restaurant everyday?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to eat in a restaurant everyday.
Does this restaurant have a waiter?
Yes, this restaurant has a waiter.
Does a waiter bring you food and drinks?
Yes, a waiter brings me food and drinks.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
A waiter brings me food and drinks at the restaurant.
Who brings you food and drinks at the restaurant?
Do you have to pay the bill after you eat your food?
Yes, I have to pay the bill after I eat my food.
What do you have to pay at the restaurant after you eat your food?
I have to pay my bill at the restaurant after I eat my food.
Can you leave the restaurant without paying your bill?
No, I can't leave the restaurant without paying my bill.
Do you always tip your waiter when you pay your bill?
Yes, I always tip my waiter when I pay my bill.
Do you tip the waiter if you don't like the food?
Yes, I tip the waiter if I don't like the food.
Does it make the waiter feel good if you don't tip him?
No, it doesn't make the waiter feel good if I don't tip him.
Does it make the waiter feel bad if you don't tip him?
Yes, it makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
How does it make the waiter feel if you don't tip him?
It makes the waiter feel bad if I don't tip him.
Do you enjoy working hard Monday to Friday?
Yes, I enjoy working hard Monday to Friday.
If you work hard Monday to Friday, does it mean you earn a lot of money?
No, if I work hard Monday to Friday, it doesn't mean I earn a lot of money.
Do people often earn peanuts when they work hard?
Yes, people often earn peanuts when they work hard.
Do you like to drink coffee at work?
Yes, I like to drink coffee at work.
Do you usually drink a lot of coffee at work?
Yes, I usually drink a lot of coffee at work.
Do you put any sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put some sugar in my coffee.
Do you put 10 spoons of sugar in your coffee?
No, I don't put 10 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
Do you put 2 spoons of sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
I usually put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
I usually put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
Does coffee taste good to you without sugar?
No, coffee doesn't taste good to me without sugar.
Does coffee taste terrible to you without sugar?
Yes, coffee tastes terrible to me without sugar.
Why do you put sugar in your coffee?
I put sugar in my coffee because coffee without sugar tastes terrible to me.
Why do you put sugar in your coffee?
I put sugar in my coffee because coffee without sugar tastes terrible to me.
Are you wearing clothes?
Yes, I'm wearing clothes.
Do you like the clothes you're wearing?
Yes, I like the clothes I'm wearing.
Do you always wear clothes when you go to work?
Yes, I always wear clothes when I go to work.
Are your clothes comfortable for you?
Yes, my clothes are comfortable for me.
Are you wearing glasses?
No, I'm not wearing glasses.
Can you see well without glasses?
Yes, I can see well without glasses.
If you can't see well, do you have to wear glasses?
Yes, if I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
What do you have to wear if you can't see well?
If I can't see well, I have to wear glasses.
Am I wearing glasses?
Yes, you are wearing glasses
Why?
Because you can't see well without them.
Why am I wearing glasses?
You are wearing glasses because you can't see well without them.
Do you usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do Monday to Friday.
Are you taking the Subway?
No, I'm not taking the subway.
Do you enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour?
No, I don't enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many peoples on the Subway during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour?
I don't enjoy taking the Subway during rush hour because there are too many people.
Are you driving a car?
Yes, I'm driving a car.
Are you driving to the movie theatre?
No, I'm not driving to the movie theatre.
Are you driving to the school library?
Yes, I'm driving to the school library.
Where are you driving?
I'm driving to the school library.
Do you have a paper to write?
Yes, I have a paper to write.
Why are you going to the school library?
I'm going to the school library because I have a paper to write.
Are you 12 years old?
No, I'm not 12 years old.
Are you 39 years old?
No, I'm not 39 years old.
How old are you?
I'm 20 years old.
How old are you?
Are you a child?
No, I'm not a child.
Are you an adult?
Yes, I'm an adult.
Are you under 18?
No, I'm not under 18.
Are you over 18?
Yes, I'm over 18.
Can you drive a car if you are under 18?
No, I can't drive a car if I'm under 18.
Can you drive a car if you are over 18?
Yes, I can drive a car if I'm over 18.
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
If I want to drive a car, I have to be over 18.
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
How old do you have to be if you want to drive a car?
If I want to drive a car, I have to be over 18.
Do you want to be a child?
No, I don't want to be a child.
Are you short?
No, I'm not short.
Are you tall?
Yes, I'm tall.
Do you play basketball?
Yes, I sometimes play basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Yes, I enjoy playing basketball.
Do you enjoy playing basketball?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really tired?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
I want to sleep when I'm really tired.
What do you want to do when you're really tired?
Do you enjoy playing basketball when you're really hungry?
No, I don't enjoy playing basketball when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
I want to eat when I'm really hungry.
What do you want to do when you're really hungry?
Is it easy to play basketball if you're short?
No, It's not easy to play basketball if you're short.
Is it difficult to play basketball if you're short?
Yes, It's difficult to play basketball if you're short.
Do you like to play video games when you're tired and want to relax?
Yes, I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you like to play sports games when you're tired and want to relax?
No, I don't like to play sports games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
What kind of games do you like to play when you're tired and want to relax?
I like to play video games when I'm tired and want to relax.
Do you play soccer?
Yes, I sometimes play soccer.
Which do you like to play better, soccer or basketball?
I like to play soccer better.
Are both of these games team games?
Yes, both of these games are team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
I prefer team games.
Do you prefer team games, or games where you play alone?
What kind of games do you like better, those where you play alone, or in team?
I like better those games where I play in team.
So, if your car breaks down.
You can call for a tow truck.
Which will tow your car to the garage.
But of course.
It's not for free.
You have to pay for it.
Do you have to get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
Yes, I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
Do they tow your car to the garage for free?
No, they don't tow my car to the garage for free.
Do you have to pay for towing your car to the garage?
Yes, I have to pay for towing my car to the garage.
Is your car too small for you?
No, my car isn't too small for me.
Is your car big enough for you?
Yes, my car is big enough for me.
Can 20 people fit in your car?
No, 20 people can't fit in my car.
Can 11 people fit in your car?
No, 11 people can't fit in my car.
Can 5 people fit in your car?
Yes, 5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
Can you charge your electric car for free at the charging station?
No, I can't charge my electric car for free at the charging station.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
You want to charge your car.
You want to fill it up.
Pay for it.
With electric cars.
You have to charge them.
If your car battery is low.
If your car battery has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
Again.
If your electric car has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a gas station?
No, when my electric car battery is low, I don't have to look for a gas station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a charging station?
Yes, when my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
What do you have to look for when your electric car battery is low?
When my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
Does it take 3 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 3 minutes to charge my electric car.
Does it take 10 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 10 minutes to charge my electric car.
It can take about 30 minutes.
If you use some kind of a supercharger.
If you charge from your home outlet.
It can take hours to charge from empty to full.
Do you drive a car, or a truck?
I drive a car.
Does your car often break down?
No, my car doesn't often break down.
Do you like it when your car breaks down?
No, I don't like it when my car breaks down.
Do you hate it when your car breaks down?
Yes, I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
Does it drive you crazy when your car breaks down?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my car breaks down.
Do you know how to fix your car if it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car if it breaks down.
Do they probably know how to fix your car at the garage when it breaks down?
Yes, they probably know how to fix my car at the garage when it breaks down.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to call for a tow truck?
Yes, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to order a pizza delivery?
No, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I don't have to order a pizza delivery.
What do you have to do when your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it?
When my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
Is your car very expensive?
No, my car isn't very expensive.
Can you buy a very expensive car if you earn peanuts?
No, I can't buy a very expensive car if I earn peanuts.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to buy an expensive car?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to buy an expensive car.
How much money do you have to earn if you want to buy an expensive car?
I have to earn a lot of money if I want to buy an expensive car.
Do you drive an electric car?
No, I don't drive an electric car.
Do you want to have an electric car?
Yes, I want to have an electric car.
Is it expensive to drive an electric car?
No, it's not expensive to drive an electric car.
Is it cheap to drive an electric car?
Yes, it's cheap to drive an electric car.
Do electric cars run on gas?
No, electric cars don't run on gas.
Do electric cars run on water?
No, electric cars don't run on water.
Do electric cars run on electricity?
Yes, electric cars run on electricity.
What do electric cars run on?
Electric cars run on electricity.
What do electric cars run on?
Do you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
No, I don't need to fill up my electric car with gas.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on gas.
Why don't you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
I don't need to fill up my electric car with gas because it doesn't run on gas.
Why don't you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
Does it take 1 hour to fill up your car?
No, it doesn't take 1 hour to fill up my car.
Does it take 1 minute to fill up your car?
No, it doesn't take 1 minute to fill up my car.
How long does it take to fill up your car?
It takes about 3 minutes to fill up my car.
How long does it take to fill up your car?
How long does it take to fill up your car?
It takes about 3 minutes to fill up my car.
If I say my car is low on gas, does it mean there is a lot of gas in it?
No, if you say your car is low on gas, it doesn't mean there is a lot of gas in it.
If I say my car is low on gas, does it mean there is very little gas in it?
Yes, if you say your car is low on gas, it means there is very little gas in it.
What does it mean if I say my car is low on gas?
If you say your car is low on gas, it means there is very little gas in it.
When your car is low on gas, do you have to look for a gas station?
Yes, when my car is low on gas, I have to look for a gas station.
Do they sell gas in a restaurant?
No, they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
When your car is low on gas, do you have to look for a restaurant?
No, when my car is low on gas, I don't have to look for a restaurant.
Why not?
Because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
I don't look for a restaurant when my car is low on gas because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
I don't look for a restaurant when my car is low on gas because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Can you fill up your car in a restaurant?
No, I can't fill up my car in a restaurant.
Why not?
Because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Do we call a place where they sell gas a gas station?
Yes, we call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
We call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
We call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
Do you have money to pay for gas?
Yes, I have money to pay for gas.
Do you think you have enough money to pay for gas?
Yes, I think I have enough money to pay for gas.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
Are you in the restaurant now?
No, I'm not in the restaurant now.
Are you at a movie theatre now?
No, I'm not at a new with theatre now.
Are you at a gas station now?
Yes, I'm at a gas station.
Are you here to drink some beer?
No, I'm not here to drink some beer.
Are you here to eat a slice of pizza?
No, I'm not here to eat a slice of pizza.
Are you here to fill up your car?
Yes, I'm here to fill up my car.
Why are you here?
I'm here to fill up my car.
Am I filling up your car now?
Yes, you're filling up my car now.
Whose car am I filling up now?
You are filling up my car now.
Am I filling it up with green tea?
No, you aren't filling it up with green tea.
Are you sure?
Am I filling up your car with peanuts?
No, you aren't filling up my car with peanuts.
Am I filling up your car with gas?
Yes, you are filling up my car with gas.
What am I filling up your car with?
You are filling up my car with gas.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on beer?
No, my car doesn't run on beer.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
Is there a lot of gas in your car?
No, there isn't a lot of gas in my car.
Is your car low on gas?
Yes, my car is low on gas.
Why am I filling up your car?
You are filling up my car because it's low on gas.
Why am I filling up your car?
You are filling up my car because it's low on gas.
She drinks 3 cups of coffee in the morning
Question: How...?
How many cups of coffee does she drink in the morning?
I'm going to college
Question: Where...?
Where are you going?
The Subway is crowded now because it's rush hour
Question: Why...?
Why is the Subway crowded now?
It drives me crazy when people push me on a crowded train
Question: How...feel...?
How does it make you feel when people push you on a crowded train
I live with my parents.
Question: Who...?
Who do you live with?
I have 10 toes
Question: How many...?
How many toes do you have?
I'm sitting in the library because I'm writing a paper
Question: Why...?
Why are you sitting in the library?
My teachers make me write long papers every week.
Question: What...?
What do you teachers make you do every week?
The teacher gives me a bad grade if I don't write my paper
Question: What grade...?
What grade does the teacher give you if you don't write your paper?
It hurts badly if something gets stuck in my eye
Question: How...feel...?
How does it feel if something gets stuck in your eye?
I have about 300 dollars in my pocket
Question: How much...?
How much money do you have in your pocket?
If I say I earn peanuts, it means I have a badly paid job
Question: What...mean...?
What does it mean if you say you earn peanuts?
The Subway is often crowded during rush hour because many people go to work or home during rush hour
Question: Why...?
Why is the Subway often crowded during rush hour?
My work day starts at 9 AM.
Question: What time...?
What time does your work day start?
It takes me 1 hour to get to work in the morning
Question: How long...?
How long does it take you to get to work in the morning?
I usually give homeless people about 2 dollars when they ask me
Question: How much...?
How much money do you usually give homeless people when they ask you?
I don't get stuck in traffic when I go to work because I don't drive a car
Question: Why...?
Why don't you get stuck in traffic when you go to work?
I don't drive a car because I don't earn enough money to buy a car
Question: Why...?
Why don't you drive a car?
There are 12 months in a year
Question: How many...?
How many months are there in a year?
It's usually hot in June.
Question: How's...?
How's the weather in June?
If I work for free, it means I don't get a salary.
Question: What...?
What does it mean if you work for free?
I get a salary twice a month
Question: How often...?
How often do you get a salary?
If I want to live in my apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
Question: What...?
What do you have to pay if you want to live in your apartment?
It drives me crazy when my bills go up
Question: How...feel...?
How does it make you feel when your bills go up?
I think I need a lot of work experience to get a good job
Question: What...?
What do you think you need to get a good job?
People go to job interviews because they want to get hired
Question: Why...?
Why do people go to job interviews?
5 people can fit in my car
Question: How many...?
How many people can fit in your car?
I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Question: Where...?
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow track.
Question: What...?
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
When my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
Question: What...?
What do you have to look for when your electric car battery is low?
----‐------------------------------------------------------