Does it usually take you 5 minutes to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 5 minutes to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you 1 hour to eat your lunch?
No, it doesn't usually take me 1 hour to eat my lunch.
Does it usually take you about 20 minutes to eat your lunch?
Yes, it usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch.
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch?
It usually takes me about 20 minutes to eat my lunch .
How long does it usually take you to eat your lunch ?
Are the chairs in this restaurant comfortable?
No, the chairs in this restaurant aren't comfortable.
Are the chairs in this restaurant uncomfortable?
Yes, the chairs in this restaurant are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Why are you standing on the table?
I'm standing on the table because these chairs are uncomfortable.
Do you like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends?
Yes, I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Do you like to work hard on weekends?
No, I don't like to work hard on weekends.
What do you like to do on weekends?
I like to lie on the couch and do nothing on weekends.
Can you earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing?
No, I can't earn a lot of money by lying on the couch and doing nothing.
Can you only make a lot of money by working hard?
Yes, I can only make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
How can you make a lot of money?
I can make a lot of money by working hard.
And smart.
Don't just work hard.
Work smart.
Be creative.
Generate business ideas.
That's the way to earn money.
And it only comes from hard work.
Do you enjoy working hard Monday to Friday?
Yes, I enjoy working hard Monday to Friday.
If you work hard Monday to Friday, does it mean you earn a lot of money?
No, if I work hard Monday to Friday, it doesn't mean I earn a lot of money.
Do people often earn peanuts when they work hard?
Yes, people often earn peanuts when they work hard.
Do you like to drink coffee at work?
Yes, I like to drink coffee at work.
Do you usually drink a lot of coffee at work?
Yes, I usually drink a lot of coffee at work.
Do you put any sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put some sugar in my coffee.
Do you put 10 spoons of sugar in your coffee?
No, I don't put 10 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
Do you put 2 spoons of sugar in your coffee?
Yes, I put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
I usually put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
How much sugar do you usually put in your coffee?
I usually put 2 spoons of sugar in my coffee.
Does coffee taste good to you without sugar?
No, coffee doesn't taste good to me without sugar.
Does coffee taste terrible to you without sugar?
Yes, coffee tastes terrible to me without sugar.
Why do you put sugar in your coffee?
I put sugar in my coffee because coffee without sugar tastes terrible to me.
Why do you put sugar in your coffee?
I put sugar in my coffee because coffee without sugar tastes terrible to me.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this flour is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor with your eyes closed?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor with my eyes closed.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor with your eyes closed?
Is it pleasant to fall on the wet floor?
No, it's not pleasant to fall on the wet floor.
Is it unpleasant to fall on the wet floor?
Yes, it's unpleasant to fall on the wet floor.
Is it Sunny now?
No, it's not Sunny now.
Are you wearing sunglasses?
No, I'm not wearing sunglasses.
Why not?
Because it's not Sunny now.
Why aren't you wearing sunglasses?
I'm not wearing sunglasses because it's not Sunny now.
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
How's the weather now?
How's the weather now?
It's raining now.
Are you holding anything in your hand?
Yes, I'm holding something in my hand.
What are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding an umbrella in my hand.
Why?
Because it's raining.
Why are you holding an umbrella in Your hand?
I'm holding an umbrella in my hand because it's raining.
Are you holding anything else in your hand?
No, I'm not holding anything else in my hand.
What else are you holding in your hand?
I'm holding nothing else in my hand.
Do you need to wear sunglasses when it's raining hard?
No, I don't need to wear sunglasses when it's raining hard .
Of course not.
You're not Neo.
And we're not in the Matrix.
Do you have some dollar bills in your pocket?
Yes, I have some dollar bills in my pocket.
Is it comfortable to walk with 1000 bills in your pocket?
No, it's not comfortable to walk with 1000 bills in my pocket.
Can 1000 dollar bills fit in your pocket?
No, 1000 dollar bills can't fit in my pocket.
If you see a dollar bill lying in the street, do you pick it up?
Yes, if I see a dollar bill lying in the street I pick it up.
What do you do if you see a dollar bill lying in the street?
If I see a dollar bill lying in the street, I pick it up.
If you drop a dollar bill in the street, do you pick it up?
Yes, if I drop a dollar bill in the street, I pick it up.
What do you do if you drop a dollar bill in the street?
If I drop a dollar bill in the street, I pick it up.
Can someone else pick up your dollar bill if you don't?
Yes, someone else can pick up my dollar bill if I don't.
What can someone else do if you drop your dollar bill in the street and don't pick it up?
If I drop my dollar bill in the street and don't pick it up, someone else can pick it up.
Does a dollar bill break if you drop it from the 3'd floor?
No, a dollar bill doesn't break if I drop it from the 3'd floor.
Does a dollar bill break if you drop it from the 10th floor?
No, a dollar bill doesn't break if I drop it from the 10th floor.
Do people wear glasses when they can't see well?
Yes, people wear glasses when they can't see well.
Do people wear sunglasses when they can't see well?
No, people don't wear sunglasses when they can't see well.
What do people wear when they can't see well?
People wear glasses when they can't see well.
Is it comfortable to wear broken glasses?
No, It's not comfortable to wear broken glasses.
Can you see well wearing broken glasses?
No, I can't see well wearing broken glasses.
Do you have a phone?
Yes, I have a phone.
How many phones do you have?
I have one phone.
Is it too big for you?
No, it's not too big for me.
Can your phone fit in your pocket?
Yes, my phone can fit in my pocket.
If your phone is too big to fit in your pocket, do you have to buy another phone?
Yes, if my phone is too big to fit in my pocket, I have to buy another phone.
Which wouldn't be a size of a snowboard.
What do you have to do if your phone is too big to fit in your pocket?
If my phone is too big to fit in my pocket, I have to buy another phone.
Is the glass on your phone broken?
No, the glass on my phone isn't broken.
Do you like to use a phone with a broken glass?
No, I don't like to use a phone with a broken glass.
Do you hate to use a phone with a broken glass?
Yes, I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
How do you feel about using a phone with a broken glass?
I hate to use a phone with a broken glass.
Does a phone glass break if you drop it from the 3'd floor?
Yes, a phone glass breaks if I drop it from the 3'd floor.
Does a phone glass break if you drop it from the 10th floor?
Yes, a phone glass breaks if I drop it from the 10th floor.
Do you have to pay to walk in this park?
No, I don't have to pay to walk in this park.
Do you need to buy a ticket to walk in this park?
No, I don't need to buy a ticket to walk in this park.
Can you walk in this park for free?
Yes, I can walk in this park for free.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
How much do you have to pay to walk in this park?
I don't have to pay anything to walk in this park.
Why not?
Because it's free.
It's free.
You can walk in this park for free.
Do you need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
Yes, I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
What do you need to buy to watch a movie at a movie theatre?
I need to buy a ticket to watch a movie at a movie theatre.
If you try to watch a movie without a ticket, can they kick you out?
Yes, if I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
What can they do if you try to watch a movie without a ticket?
If I try to watch a movie without a ticket, they can kick me out.
If your clothes get wet in the rain, do you have to take them off to make them dry?
Yes, if my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
What do you have to do with your clothes, if they get wet in the rain?
If my clothes get wet in the rain, I have to take them off to make them dry.
Do you know any winter sports game?
Yes, I know some winter sports games.
Do you like to play winter sports games?
Yes, I like to play winter sports games.
Do you sometimes like to play video games, too?
Yes, I sometimes like to play video games, too.
Which is better for you, to play video games or sports games?
It's better for me to play sports games.
Are you in the restaurant now?
No, I'm not in the restaurant now.
Are you at a movie theatre now?
No, I'm not at a new with theatre now.
Are you at a gas station now?
Yes, I'm at a gas station.
Are you here to drink some beer?
No, I'm not here to drink some beer.
Are you here to eat a slice of pizza?
No, I'm not here to eat a slice of pizza.
Are you here to fill up your car?
Yes, I'm here to fill up my car.
Why are you here?
I'm here to fill up my car.
Am I filling up your car now?
Yes, you're filling up my car now.
Whose car am I filling up now?
You are filling up my car now.
Am I filling it up with green tea?
No, you aren't filling it up with green tea.
Are you sure?
Am I filling up your car with peanuts?
No, you aren't filling up my car with peanuts.
Am I filling up your car with gas?
Yes, you are filling up my car with gas.
What am I filling up your car with?
You are filling up my car with gas.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on beer?
No, my car doesn't run on beer.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
Is there a lot of gas in your car?
No, there isn't a lot of gas in my car.
Is your car low on gas?
Yes, my car is low on gas.
Why am I filling up your car?
You are filling up my car because it's low on gas.
Why am I filling up your car?
You are filling up my car because it's low on gas.
Does it take 1 hour to fill up your car?
No, it doesn't take 1 hour to fill up my car.
Does it take 1 minute to fill up your car?
No, it doesn't take 1 minute to fill up my car.
How long does it take to fill up your car?
It takes about 3 minutes to fill up my car.
How long does it take to fill up your car?
How long does it take to fill up your car?
It takes about 3 minutes to fill up my car.
If I say my car is low on gas, does it mean there is a lot of gas in it?
No, if you say your car is low on gas, it doesn't mean there is a lot of gas in it.
If I say my car is low on gas, does it mean there is very little gas in it?
Yes, if you say your car is low on gas, it means there is very little gas in it.
What does it mean if I say my car is low on gas?
If you say your car is low on gas, it means there is very little gas in it.
When your car is low on gas, do you have to look for a gas station?
Yes, when my car is low on gas, I have to look for a gas station.
Do they sell gas in a restaurant?
No, they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
When your car is low on gas, do you have to look for a restaurant?
No, when my car is low on gas, I don't have to look for a restaurant.
Why not?
Because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
I don't look for a restaurant when my car is low on gas because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
Why don't you look for a restaurant when your car is low on gas?
I don't look for a restaurant when my car is low on gas because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Can you fill up your car in a restaurant?
No, I can't fill up my car in a restaurant.
Why not?
Because they don't sell gas in a restaurant.
Do we call a place where they sell gas a gas station?
Yes, we call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
We call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
What do we call a place where they sell gas?
We call a place where they sell gas a gas station.
Do you have money to pay for gas?
Yes, I have money to pay for gas.
Do you think you have enough money to pay for gas?
Yes, I think I have enough money to pay for gas.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
With electric cars.
You have to charge them.
If your car battery is low.
If your car battery has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
Again.
If your electric car has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a gas station?
No, when my electric car battery is low, I don't have to look for a gas station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a charging station?
Yes, when my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
What do you have to look for when your electric car battery is low?
When my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
Does it take 3 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 3 minutes to charge my electric car.
Does it take 10 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 10 minutes to charge my electric car.
It can take about 30 minutes.
If you use some kind of a supercharger.
If you charge from your home outlet.
It can take hours to charge from empty to full.
Do you drive a car, or a truck?
I drive a car.
Does your car often break down?
No, my car doesn't often break down.
Do you like it when your car breaks down?
No, I don't like it when my car breaks down.
Do you hate it when your car breaks down?
Yes, I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
Does it drive you crazy when your car breaks down?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my car breaks down.
Do you know how to fix your car if it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car if it breaks down.
Do they probably know how to fix your car at the garage when it breaks down?
Yes, they probably know how to fix my car at the garage when it breaks down.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to call for a tow truck?
Yes, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to order a pizza delivery?
No, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I don't have to order a pizza delivery.
What do you have to do when your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it?
When my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
So, if your car breaks down.
You can call for a tow truck.
Which will tow your car to the garage.
But of course.
It's not for free.
You have to pay for it.
Do you have to get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
Yes, I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
Do they tow your car to the garage for free?
No, they don't tow my car to the garage for free.
Do you have to pay for towing your car to the garage?
Yes, I have to pay for towing my car to the garage.
Is your car too small for you?
No, my car isn't too small for me.
Is your car big enough for you?
Yes, my car is big enough for me.
Can 20 people fit in your car?
No, 20 people can't fit in my car.
Can 11 people fit in your car?
No, 11 people can't fit in my car.
Can 5 people fit in your car?
Yes, 5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
Can you charge your electric car for free at the charging station?
No, I can't charge my electric car for free at the charging station.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
You want to charge your car.
You want to fill it up.
Pay for it.
In 5 minutes
In 3 days
To hope
To become
Law
A lawyer
To graduate
To graduate from college
Graduation
A graduate
To flunk out
To flunk out of college
If you don't study hard, you can flunk out of college
To run out
To run out of gas
To run out of money
I don't like to run out of money
A dead-end job
Nervous
To get nervous
Can you drive a truck?
No, I can't drive a truck.
Do you want to become a truck driver after you graduate from college?
No, I don't want to become a truck driver after I graduate from college.
It's not right for a college graduate
To become a truck driver.
What do you study.
I study law.
What do you study.
I study law.
A future lawyer.
Do you hope to become a lawyer after you graduate from college?
Yes, I hope to become a lawyer after I graduate from college.
What do you hope to become after you graduate from college?
I hope to become a lawyer after I graduate from college.
Do you hope to flunk out of college in 1 month?
No, I hope not to flunk out of college in 1 month.
Do you hope to flunk out of college in 2 years?
No, I hope not to flunk out of college in 2 years.
When do you hope to flunk out of college?
I hope not to flunk out of college.
When do you hope to flunk out of college?
I hope not to flunk out of college.
Do you hope to graduate with bad grades?
No, I don't hope to graduate with bad grades.
Do you hope to graduate with good grades?
Yes, I hope to graduate with good grades.
Can you get good grades if you hang out with your friends instead of studying hard?
No, I can't get good grades if I hang out with my friends instead of studying hard.
Can you only get terrible grades if you hang out with your friends instead of studying hard?
Yes, I can only get terrible grades if I hang out with my friends instead of studying hard.
What do you have to do if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to get good grades?
Is a lawyer a dead -end job?
No, a lawyer isn't a dead end job.
Do good lawyers earn a little money?
No, good lawyers don't earn a little money.
Do good lawyers earn a lot of money?
Yes, good lawyers earn a lot of money.
If you are a lawyer, does it mean that you are rich?
No, if I'm a lawyer, it doesn't mean that I'm rich.
Your job titles mean nothing.
You want to be successful.
You want to be rich.
You have to work hard.
You have to be better than everybody else.
Do you have to go to college to become a lawyer?
Yes, I have to go to college to become a lawyer.
Where do you have to go to become a lawyer?
I have to go to college to become a lawyer.
Where do you have to go to become a lawyer?
Does it take 1 year to become a lawyer?
No, it doesn't take one year to become a lawyer.
Does it take 3 years to become a lawyer?
No, it doesn't take 3 years to become a lawyer.
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
It takes 5 years to become a lawyer.
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
It takes 5 years to become a lawyer.
Can you work as a lawyer if you don't have a college degree?
No, I can't work as a lawyer if I don't have a college degree.
Do you have a lot of job opportunities after you graduate from college?
Yes, you have a lot of job opportunities after you graduate from college.
Is it pleasant to flunk out of college?
No, it's not pleasant to flunk out of college.
Do students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college?
Yes, students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
Students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
Students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
Do you think this teacher likes Jack?
No, I think this teacher doesn't like Jack.
Do you think Jack studies hard?
No, I think Jack doesn't study hard.
Do you think this teacher wants to give him a good grade?
No, I think this teacher doesn't want to give him a good grade.
Do you think she wants to give him a bad grade?
Yes, I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
She wants to give him a bad grade because he doesn't study hard.
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
She wants to give him a bad grade because he doesn't study hard.
Does he have a good chance of flunking out of college if he only gets bad grades?
Yes, he has a good chance of flunking out of college if he only gets bad grades.
Do you often go grocery shopping?
Yes, I often go grocery shopping.
Do you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
No I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Do you always have enough money to pay for the groceries you take?
Yes, I always have enough money to pay for the groceries I take.
Can you pay for the groceries if you run out of money?
No, I can't pay for the groceries if I run out of money.
Then don't take so many groceries.
Or choose cheaper ones.
Those you can afford.
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Do you sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay your bills?
Yes, I sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay my bills.
Do people often run out of money if they earn peanuts?
Yes, people often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
People often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
Is there any broken glass on the floor?
No, there isn't any broken glass on the floor.
Do you like to walk on the broken glass?
No, I don't like to walk on the broken glass.
Is it good for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
No, it's not good for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Is it very bad for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
Yes, it's very bad for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Are you a college graduate?
Yes, I'm a college graduate.
Do you have a little work experience ?
No, I don't have a little work experience.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
How much work experience do you have?
I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you have a lot of job opportunities in this place?
No, I don't think I have a lot of job opportunities in this place.
Do you think this is a dead -end job?
Yes, I think this is a dead -end job.
What's a dead -end job?
A dead -end job is a job without any opportunities.
If you think you have a dead -end job, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I think I have a dead -end job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better for you to do if you have a dead -end job?
If I have a dead -end job, it's better for me to look for another job.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience.
So, the two things you need to find a well-paid job are:
College degree.
And much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
Do you rent an apartment?
Yes, I rent an apartment .
Do you earn enough money to pay your rent?
Yes, I earn enough money to pay my rent.
Do you hope your rent goes up in two months?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up in two months.
If your apartment becomes too expensive for you, is it a good idea to find another place to live?
Yes, if my apartment becomes too expensive for me, it's a good idea to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
----‐------------------------------------------------------