So, if your car breaks down.
You can call for a tow truck.
Which will tow your car to the garage.
But of course.
It's not for free.
You have to pay for it.
Do you have to get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
Yes, I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
I have to get my car to the garage if it breaks down.
Where do you have to get your car if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
How can you get your car to the garage if it breaks down?
If my car breaks down, I can get it to the garage by calling for a tow truck.
Do they tow your car to the garage for free?
No, they don't tow my car to the garage for free.
Do you have to pay for towing your car to the garage?
Yes, I have to pay for towing my car to the garage.
Is your car too small for you?
No, my car isn't too small for me.
Is your car big enough for you?
Yes, my car is big enough for me.
Can 20 people fit in your car?
No, 20 people can't fit in my car.
Can 11 people fit in your car?
No, 11 people can't fit in my car.
Can 5 people fit in your car?
Yes, 5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
5 people can fit in my car.
How many people can fit in your car?
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need electricity to run.
Can you charge your electric car for free at the charging station?
No, I can't charge my electric car for free at the charging station.
Can you fill up your car for free at the gas station?
No, I can't fill up my car for free at the gas station.
You want to charge your car.
You want to fill it up.
Pay for it.
With electric cars.
You have to charge them.
If your car battery is low.
If your car battery has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
Again.
If your electric car has a low charge.
You have to find a charging station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a gas station?
No, when my electric car battery is low, I don't have to look for a gas station.
When your electric car battery is low, do you have to look for a charging station?
Yes, when my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
What do you have to look for when your electric car battery is low?
When my electric car battery is low, I have to look for a charging station.
Does it take 3 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 3 minutes to charge my electric car.
Does it take 10 minutes to charge your electric car?
No, it doesn't take 10 minutes to charge my electric car.
It can take about 30 minutes.
If you use some kind of a supercharger.
If you charge from your home outlet.
It can take hours to charge from empty to full.
Do you drive a car, or a truck?
I drive a car.
Does your car often break down?
No, my car doesn't often break down.
Do you like it when your car breaks down?
No, I don't like it when my car breaks down.
Do you hate it when your car breaks down?
Yes, I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
How do you feel about it when your car breaks down?
I hate it when my car breaks down.
Does it drive you crazy when your car breaks down?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my car breaks down.
Do you know how to fix your car if it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car if it breaks down.
Do they probably know how to fix your car at the garage when it breaks down?
Yes, they probably know how to fix my car at the garage when it breaks down.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to call for a tow truck?
Yes, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
If your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it, do you have to order a pizza delivery?
No, if my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I don't have to order a pizza delivery.
What do you have to do when your car breaks down and you don't know what to do with it?
When my car breaks down and I don't know what to do with it, I have to call for a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
What do we call this truck that tows cars?
We call this truck that tows cars a tow truck.
Is your car very expensive?
No, my car isn't very expensive.
Can you buy a very expensive car if you earn peanuts?
No, I can't buy a very expensive car if I earn peanuts.
Do you have to earn a lot of money if you want to buy an expensive car?
Yes, I have to earn a lot of money if I want to buy an expensive car.
How much money do you have to earn if you want to buy an expensive car?
I have to earn a lot of money if I want to buy an expensive car.
Do you drive an electric car?
No, I don't drive an electric car.
Do you want to have an electric car?
Yes, I want to have an electric car.
Is it expensive to drive an electric car?
No, it's not expensive to drive an electric car.
Is it cheap to drive an electric car?
Yes, it's cheap to drive an electric car.
Do electric cars run on gas?
No, electric cars don't run on gas.
Do electric cars run on water?
No, electric cars don't run on water.
Do electric cars run on electricity?
Yes, electric cars run on electricity.
What do electric cars run on?
Electric cars run on electricity.
What do electric cars run on?
Do you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
No, I don't need to fill up my electric car with gas.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on gas.
Why don't you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
I don't need to fill up my electric car with gas because it doesn't run on gas.
Why don't you need to fill up your electric car with gas?
Is there any broken glass on the floor?
No, there isn't any broken glass on the floor.
Do you like to walk on the broken glass?
No, I don't like to walk on the broken glass.
Is it good for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
No, it's not good for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Is it very bad for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
Yes, it's very bad for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Are you a college graduate?
Yes, I'm a college graduate.
Do you have a little work experience ?
No, I don't have a little work experience.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
How much work experience do you have?
I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you have a lot of job opportunities in this place?
No, I don't think I have a lot of job opportunities in this place.
Do you think this is a dead -end job?
Yes, I think this is a dead -end job.
What's a dead -end job?
A dead -end job is a job without any opportunities.
If you think you have a dead -end job, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I think I have a dead -end job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better for you to do if you have a dead -end job?
If I have a dead -end job, it's better for me to look for another job.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience.
So, the two things you need to find a well-paid job are:
College degree.
And much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
Do you rent an apartment?
Yes, I rent an apartment .
Do you earn enough money to pay your rent?
Yes, I earn enough money to pay my rent.
Do you hope your rent goes up in two months?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up in two months.
If your apartment becomes too expensive for you, is it a good idea to find another place to live?
Yes, if my apartment becomes too expensive for me, it's a good idea to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
Do you often go grocery shopping?
Yes, I often go grocery shopping.
Do you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
No I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Do you always have enough money to pay for the groceries you take?
Yes, I always have enough money to pay for the groceries I take.
Can you pay for the groceries if you run out of money?
No, I can't pay for the groceries if I run out of money.
Then don't take so many groceries.
Or choose cheaper ones.
Those you can afford.
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Do you sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay your bills?
Yes, I sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay my bills.
Do people often run out of money if they earn peanuts?
Yes, people often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
People often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
Is a lawyer a dead -end job?
No, a lawyer isn't a dead end job.
Do good lawyers earn a little money?
No, good lawyers don't earn a little money.
Do good lawyers earn a lot of money?
Yes, good lawyers earn a lot of money.
If you are a lawyer, does it mean that you are rich?
No, if I'm a lawyer, it doesn't mean that I'm rich.
Your job titles mean nothing.
You want to be successful.
You want to be rich.
You have to work hard.
You have to be better than everybody else.
Do you have to go to college to become a lawyer?
Yes, I have to go to college to become a lawyer.
Where do you have to go to become a lawyer?
I have to go to college to become a lawyer.
Where do you have to go to become a lawyer?
Does it take 1 year to become a lawyer?
No, it doesn't take one year to become a lawyer.
Does it take 3 years to become a lawyer?
No, it doesn't take 3 years to become a lawyer.
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
It takes 5 years to become a lawyer.
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
It takes 5 years to become a lawyer.
Can you work as a lawyer if you don't have a college degree?
No, I can't work as a lawyer if I don't have a college degree.
Do you have a lot of job opportunities after you graduate from college?
Yes, you have a lot of job opportunities after you graduate from college.
Is it pleasant to flunk out of college?
No, it's not pleasant to flunk out of college.
Do students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college?
Yes, students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
Students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
Students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
Do you think this teacher likes Jack?
No, I think this teacher doesn't like Jack.
Do you think Jack studies hard?
No, I think Jack doesn't study hard.
Do you think this teacher wants to give him a good grade?
No, I think this teacher doesn't want to give him a good grade.
Do you think she wants to give him a bad grade?
Yes, I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
She wants to give him a bad grade because he doesn't study hard.
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
She wants to give him a bad grade because he doesn't study hard.
Does he have a good chance of flunking out of college if he only gets bad grades?
Yes, he has a good chance of flunking out of college if he only gets bad grades.
Can you drive a truck?
No, I can't drive a truck.
Do you want to become a truck driver after you graduate from college?
No, I don't want to become a truck driver after I graduate from college.
It's not right for a college graduate
To become a truck driver.
What do you study.
I study law.
What do you study.
I study law.
A future lawyer.
Do you hope to become a lawyer after you graduate from college?
Yes, I hope to become a lawyer after I graduate from college.
What do you hope to become after you graduate from college?
I hope to become a lawyer after I graduate from college.
Do you hope to flunk out of college in 1 month?
No, I hope not to flunk out of college in 1 month.
Do you hope to flunk out of college in 2 years?
No, I hope not to flunk out of college in 2 years.
When do you hope to flunk out of college?
I hope not to flunk out of college.
When do you hope to flunk out of college?
I hope not to flunk out of college.
Do you hope to graduate with bad grades?
No, I don't hope to graduate with bad grades.
Do you hope to graduate with good grades?
Yes, I hope to graduate with good grades.
Can you get good grades if you hang out with your friends instead of studying hard?
No, I can't get good grades if I hang out with my friends instead of studying hard.
Can you only get terrible grades if you hang out with your friends instead of studying hard?
Yes, I can only get terrible grades if I hang out with my friends instead of studying hard.
What do you have to do if you want to get good grades?
I have to study hard if I want to get good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to get good grades?
A doctor
To see a doctor
I need to see a doctor
To hurry
To take your time
An appointment
A doctor's appointment
To fix an appointment
Boring
Interesting
A line
To wait
To wait in line
I wait for my wife every morning
Who are you waiting for?
Better than
Driving a car is better than taking a crowded train
A wallet
To keep
I keep my money in my wallet
I keep my food in my fridge
A price
To cost
The same as
My car is the same as yours
Different from
I want to buy a different car
Your car is different from mine
Are you a doctor?
No, I'm not a doctor.
Do you want to become a doctor?
No, I don't want to become a doctor.
Does it take only one year to become a doctor?
No, it doesn't take only one year to become a doctor.
Does it take 4 years to become a doctor?
No, it doesn't take 4 years to become a doctor.
Can it take about 10 years to become a doctor?
Yes, it can take about 10 years to become a doctor.
How long can it take to become a doctor?
It can take about 10 years to become a doctor.
That's a lot of time.
But you have to go for it.
If it's important enough for you.
Do you think doctor's job is boring?
No, I don't think doctor's job is boring.
Do you think doctor's job is interesting?
Yes, I think doctor's job is interesting.
Do you like to go to the doctor?
No, I don't like to go to the doctor.
If you need to see a doctor.
It doesn't matter whether you like it or not.
If you need to see a doctor, can you come without telling them about your coming?
No, if I need to see a doctor, I can't come without telling them about my coming.
If you need to see a doctor, do you have to fix an appointment first?
Yes, if I need to see a doctor, I have to fix an appointment first.
What do you have to do first if you need to see a doctor?
If I need to see a doctor, I have to fix an appointment first .
What do you have to do first if you need to see a doctor?
Are you sometimes late for doctor's appointments?
Yes, I'm sometimes late for doctor's appointments.
Do doctors like it when people are late for an appointment with them?
No, doctors don't like it when people are late for an appointment with them.
Does it drive them crazy when people are late for an appointment with them?
Yes, it drives them crazy when people are late for an appointment with them.
How does it make doctors feel when people are late for an appointment with them?
It drives doctors crazy when people are late for an appointment with them.
How does it make doctors feel when people are late for an appointment with them?
How does it make doctors feel when people are late for an appointment with them?
It drives doctors crazy when people are late for an appointment with them.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Are you getting late for work?
Yes, I'm getting late for work.
Why are you nervous?
I'm nervous because I'm getting late for work.
Do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
Yes, I always get nervous when I'm late for work.
Why?
Because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Why do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
I always get nervous when I'm late for work because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
No, I don't usually take my time when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
Do you usually hurry when you're late for work?
Yes, I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
What do you usually do when you're late for work?
I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
He isn't taking his time.
He is waiting for the train.
But probably the train is taking its time.
Are you waiting for your friend?
No, I'm not waiting for my friend.
Are you waiting for a bus?
No, I'm not waiting for a bus.
Are you waiting for a train?
Yes, I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
Is it interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
No, it's not interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
Is it boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Yes, it's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
It's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Do most people go to work or home during rush hour?
Yes, most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Yes, trains get crowded during rush hour.
Why?
Because most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Why do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Trains get crowded during rush hour because most people go to work or home.
Do you enjoy taking a crowded train?
No, I don't enjoy taking a crowded train.
Do you hate taking a crowded train?
Yes, I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
Is taking a crowded train better than driving your car?
No, taking a crowded train isn't better than driving my car.
Is driving your car better than taking a crowded train?
Yes, driving my car is better than taking a crowded train.
Which is better, driving a car, or taking a crowded train?
Driving a car is better than taking a crowded train.
Is it expensive to drive a car?
Yes, It's expensive to drive a car.
You have to fill it up.
You have to change oil etc.
Do you have to fill up your car?
Yes, I have to fill up my car.
Do you think gas is cheap?
No, I don't think gas is cheap.
Do you think it's expensive?
Yes, I think it's expensive.
Can you fill up your car for free?
No, I can't fill up my car for free.
Do you have to pay for gas?
Yes, I have to pay for gas.
If you think the price for gas is too high, can you leave without paying for it?
No, if I think the price for gas is too high, I can't leave without paying for it.
If you think the price for gas is too high, is it better to take the Subway?
Yes, if I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
If I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
Does gas cost a little money?
No, gas doesn't cost a little money.
Does gas cost a lot of money?
Yes, gas costs a lot of money.
Does gas cost the same as water?
No, gas doesn't cost the same as water.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Can your car drive if you fill it up with water?
No, my car can't drive if I fill it up with water.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on water.
Are you often stuck in traffic?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic.
Is it interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
No, it's not interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Do you have any money on you?
Yes, I have some money on me.
Do you keep your money in your pocket?
No, I don't keep my money in my pocket.
Do you keep your money in your fridge?
No, I don't keep my money in my fridge.
Do you keep your money in your wallet?
Yes, I keep my money in my wallet.
Where do you keep your money?
I keep my money in my wallet.
What about food, do you keep your food in your wallet, too?
No, I don't keep my food in my wallet.
There's a fridge for these purposes.
Do you keep your food in the fridge?
Yes, I keep my food in the fridge.
Where do you keep your food?
I keep my food in the fridge.
Do you like your car?
No, I don't like my car.
Do you want to buy a different car?
Yes, I want to buy a different car.
Is your car the same as mine?
No, my car isn't the same as yours.
Is your car different from mine?
Yes, my car is different from yours.
Which car do you think is better, mine, or yours?
I think your car is better.
You know as they say.
It always seems like the grass is greener.
On the other side of the fence.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
When your car is running out of gas, does it mean you have to go to the gas station to fill it up?
Yes, when my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
When my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
Can you always predict when your car can run out of gas?
Yes, I can always predict when my car can run out of gas.
Of course you can.
There is a fuel indicator.
Sherlock .
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for a cheap gas station?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for a cheap gas station.
Do you have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station?
Yes, I have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station.
Do you have a dead -end job?
Yes, I have a dead -end job.
Does it mean you have to find a different job?
Yes, it means I have to find a different job.
Are you a Harvard graduate?
No, I'm not a Harvard graduate.
Is it difficult for you to find a well paid job?
Yes, it's difficult for me to find a well paid job.
Do you have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job?
Yes, I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
Do you often take a train?
No, I don't often take a train.
Do you wear a seat belt on the train?
No, I don't wear a seat belt on the train.
Are there any seat belts on the train?
Yes, there are seat belts on the train.
----‐------------------------------------------------------