Do you often go grocery shopping?
Yes, I often go grocery shopping.
Do you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
No I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Do you always have enough money to pay for the groceries you take?
Yes, I always have enough money to pay for the groceries I take.
Can you pay for the groceries if you run out of money?
No, I can't pay for the groceries if I run out of money.
Then don't take so many groceries.
Or choose cheaper ones.
Those you can afford.
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Do you sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay your bills?
Yes, I sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay my bills.
Do people often run out of money if they earn peanuts?
Yes, people often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
People often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
Is there any broken glass on the floor?
No, there isn't any broken glass on the floor.
Do you like to walk on the broken glass?
No, I don't like to walk on the broken glass.
Is it good for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
No, it's not good for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Is it very bad for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
Yes, it's very bad for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Are you a college graduate?
Yes, I'm a college graduate.
Do you have a little work experience ?
No, I don't have a little work experience.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
How much work experience do you have?
I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you have a lot of job opportunities in this place?
No, I don't think I have a lot of job opportunities in this place.
Do you think this is a dead -end job?
Yes, I think this is a dead -end job.
What's a dead -end job?
A dead -end job is a job without any opportunities.
If you think you have a dead -end job, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I think I have a dead -end job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better for you to do if you have a dead -end job?
If I have a dead -end job, it's better for me to look for another job.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience.
So, the two things you need to find a well-paid job are:
College degree.
And much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
Do you rent an apartment?
Yes, I rent an apartment .
Do you earn enough money to pay your rent?
Yes, I earn enough money to pay my rent.
Do you hope your rent goes up in two months?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up in two months.
If your apartment becomes too expensive for you, is it a good idea to find another place to live?
Yes, if my apartment becomes too expensive for me, it's a good idea to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
Do you like your car?
No, I don't like my car.
Do you want to buy a different car?
Yes, I want to buy a different car.
Is your car the same as mine?
No, my car isn't the same as yours.
Is your car different from mine?
Yes, my car is different from yours.
Which car do you think is better, mine, or yours?
I think your car is better.
You know as they say.
It always seems like the grass is greener.
On the other side of the fence.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
When your car is running out of gas, does it mean you have to go to the gas station to fill it up?
Yes, when my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
When my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
Can you always predict when your car can run out of gas?
Yes, I can always predict when my car can run out of gas.
Of course you can.
There is a fuel indicator.
Sherlock .
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for a cheap gas station?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for a cheap gas station.
Do you have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station?
Yes, I have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station.
Do you have a dead -end job?
Yes, I have a dead -end job.
Does it mean you have to find a different job?
Yes, it means I have to find a different job.
Are you a Harvard graduate?
No, I'm not a Harvard graduate.
Is it difficult for you to find a well paid job?
Yes, it's difficult for me to find a well paid job.
Do you have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job?
Yes, I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
Do you often take a train?
No, I don't often take a train.
Do you wear a seat belt on the train?
No, I don't wear a seat belt on the train.
Are there any seat belts on the train?
Yes, there are seat belts on the train.
Is it expensive to drive a car?
Yes, It's expensive to drive a car.
You have to fill it up.
You have to change oil etc.
Do you have to fill up your car?
Yes, I have to fill up my car.
Do you think gas is cheap?
No, I don't think gas is cheap.
Do you think it's expensive?
Yes, I think it's expensive.
Can you fill up your car for free?
No, I can't fill up my car for free.
Do you have to pay for gas?
Yes, I have to pay for gas.
If you think the price for gas is too high, can you leave without paying for it?
No, if I think the price for gas is too high, I can't leave without paying for it.
If you think the price for gas is too high, is it better to take the Subway?
Yes, if I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
If I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
Does gas cost a little money?
No, gas doesn't cost a little money.
Does gas cost a lot of money?
Yes, gas costs a lot of money.
Does gas cost the same as water?
No, gas doesn't cost the same as water.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Can your car drive if you fill it up with water?
No, my car can't drive if I fill it up with water.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on water.
Are you often stuck in traffic?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic.
Is it interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
No, it's not interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Do you have any money on you?
Yes, I have some money on me.
Do you keep your money in your pocket?
No, I don't keep my money in my pocket.
Do you keep your money in your fridge?
No, I don't keep my money in my fridge.
Do you keep your money in your wallet?
Yes, I keep my money in my wallet.
Where do you keep your money?
I keep my money in my wallet.
What about food, do you keep your food in your wallet, too?
No, I don't keep my food in my wallet.
There's a fridge for these purposes.
Do you keep your food in the fridge?
Yes, I keep my food in the fridge.
Where do you keep your food?
I keep my food in the fridge.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Are you getting late for work?
Yes, I'm getting late for work.
Why are you nervous?
I'm nervous because I'm getting late for work.
Do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
Yes, I always get nervous when I'm late for work.
Why?
Because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Why do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
I always get nervous when I'm late for work because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
No, I don't usually take my time when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
Do you usually hurry when you're late for work?
Yes, I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
What do you usually do when you're late for work?
I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
He isn't taking his time.
He is waiting for the train.
But probably the train is taking its time.
Are you waiting for your friend?
No, I'm not waiting for my friend.
Are you waiting for a bus?
No, I'm not waiting for a bus.
Are you waiting for a train?
Yes, I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
Is it interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
No, it's not interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
Is it boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Yes, it's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
It's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Do most people go to work or home during rush hour?
Yes, most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Yes trains get crowded during rush hour.
Why?
Because most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Why do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Trains get crowded during rush hour because most people go to work or home.
Do you enjoy taking a crowded train?
No, I don't enjoy taking a crowded train.
Do you hate taking a crowded train?
Yes, I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
Is taking a crowded train better than driving your car?
No, taking a crowded train isn't better than driving my car.
Is driving your car better than taking a crowded train?
Yes, driving my car is better than taking a crowded train.
Which is better, driving a car, or taking a crowded train?
Driving a car is better than taking a crowded train.
Used
A used car
To stand for
USA stands for United States of America
What does USA stand for?
Nearby
There is a gas station nearby
Quality
Good quality
Quality car
An exam
An exam room
To enter
Please, enter the exam room
To enter college
To prepare
Prepared
I'm prepared for the exam
Unprepared
To pass
I want to pass the exam
To fail
I don't want to fail the exam
To take an exam
I have to take an exam tomorrow
Is this your car?
Yes, this is my car.
Is it a new car, or a used car?
It's a used car.
Is it out of gas?
No, it's not out of gas.
Is it broken?
Yes, it's broken.
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
What's wrong with your car?
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
Can you drive a car if it's broken?
No, I can't drive my car if it's broken.
If you want to drive it, do you have to fix it first?
Yes, if I want to drive it, I have to fix it first.
Or buy a normal car.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
If I want to drive a broken car, I have to fix it first.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
Do you prefer to drive a new car, or a used car?
I prefer to drive a new car.
I need to fill up on gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there isn't a gas station nearby.
Do you know why I need a gas station?
Yes, I know why you need a gas station.
Do I need a gas station because my car is low on gas?
Yes, you need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
Why do I need a gas station?
You need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for cheap gas?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas.
Why?
Because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Why do you always look for cheap gas when you need to fill up your car?
When I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Is cheap gas the same quality as expensive gas?
No, cheap gas isn't the same quality as expensive gas.
Is cheap gas different quality from expensive gas?
Yes, cheap gas is different quality from expensive gas.
Is cheap gas usually high quality?
No, cheap gas isn't usually high quality.
Is cheap gas usually low quality?
Yes, cheap gas is usually low quality.
What quality is cheap gas?
Cheap gas is usually low quality.
If gas is expensive, does it always mean it's high quality?
No, if gas is expensive, it doesn't always mean it's high quality.
It usually means good marketing
Does your car often break down?
Yes, my car often breaks down.
Does your car break down once a month?
No, my car doesn't break down once a month.
Does your car break down once every 3 months?
Yes, my car breaks down once every 3 months.
How often does your car break down?
My car breaks down once every 3 months.
Can you predict when your car can break down next time?
No, I can't predict when my car can break down next time.
Do you know how to fix your car when it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car when it breaks down.
When your car breaks down, do you call for a tow truck?
Yes, when my car breaks down, I call for a tow truck.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
I call for a tow truck when my car breaks down.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
Does a tow truck take your car to the garage to fix it?
Yes, a tow truck takes my car to the garage to fix it.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
A tow truck takes my car to the garage when it breaks down.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
Is that a tow trick?
Yes, that's a tow truck.
Where is it taking your car?
It's taking my car to the garage.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Does a tow truck take a car to the garage for free?
No, a tow truck doesn't take a car to the garage for free.
Does it cost a little to tow your car to the garage?
No, it doesn't cost a little to tow my car to the garage.
Does it cost a lot to tow your car to the garage?
Yes, it costs a lot to tow my car to the garage.
Unless you have an insurance policy for cases like that.
If your car often breaks down, does it mean the car is high quality, or low quality?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
USA stands for United States of America.
UK stands for United Kingdom.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
What does USA stand for?
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
Do you know what UK stands for?
Yes, I know what UK stands for.
Do you know what UK stands for?
What does UK stand for?
UK stands for United Kingdom.
What does UK stand for?
Are you drinking beer at a restaurant now?
No, I'm not drinking beer at a restaurant now.
Are you taking an exam now?
Yes, I'm taking an exam now.
What are you taking now?
I'm taking an exam now.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Why?
Because I'm taking an exam.
Are you usually nervous before You enter the exam room?
Yes, I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
Do you usually enter the exam room unprepared?
No, I don't usually enter the exam room unprepared.
Do you usually enter the exam room prepared?
Yes, I usually enter the exam room prepared.
Does it mean you usually prepare well for the exam?
Yes, it means I usually prepare well for the exam.
Is it important to prepare well for the exam if you want to pass it?
Yes, it's important to prepare well for the exam if I want to pass it.
Is it important to hang out with your friends before the exam if you want to pass it?
No it's not important to hang out with my friends before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
It's important to prepare well before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
If you come to the exam unprepared, do you probably fail it?
Yes, if I come to the exam unprepared I probably fail it.
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
When do students usually fail exams?
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
Do students usually get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared?
No, students usually don't get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared.
Do students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared?
Yes, students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Can you prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes?
No, I can't prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes.
Does it take a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Yes, it takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
It usually takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Does it make you feel good when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
Does it make you feel bad when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Yes, it makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
It makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Is it good for your grade if you get late for an exam?
No, it's not good for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Is it bad for your grade if you get late for an exam?
Yes, It's bad for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Do you have to pass all your exams if you want to stay in college?
Yes, I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
What do you have to do if you want to stay in college?
I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
If you fail too many exams, do you have a good chance of flunking out of college?
Yes, if I fail too many exams, I have a good chance of flunking out of college.
Do you think Josh is thinking about passing his exam?
No, I don't think Josh is thinking about passing his exam.
Do you think Josh wants to flunk out of college?
Yes, I think Josh wants to flunk out of college.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, does he have to pass all his exams?
No, if Josh wants to flunk out of college, he doesn't have to pass all his exams.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, Does he have to fail most of his exams?
Yes, if Josh wants to flunk out of college he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
Do you want to graduate from college with good grades, or with bad grades?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
Do you have a better chance of finding a well paid job if you graduate with good grades?
Yes, I have a better chance of finding a well paid job if I graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
----‐------------------------------------------------------