Do you like your car?
No, I don't like my car.
Do you want to buy a different car?
Yes, I want to buy a different car.
Is your car the same as mine?
No, my car isn't the same as yours.
Is your car different from mine?
Yes, my car is different from yours.
Which car do you think is better, mine, or yours?
I think your car is better.
You know as they say.
It always seems like the grass is greener.
On the other side of the fence.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
When your car is running out of gas, does it mean you have to go to the gas station to fill it up?
Yes, when my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
When my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
Can you always predict when your car can run out of gas?
Yes, I can always predict when my car can run out of gas.
Of course you can.
There is a fuel indicator.
Sherlock .
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for a cheap gas station?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for a cheap gas station.
Do you have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station?
Yes, I have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station.
Do you have a dead -end job?
Yes, I have a dead -end job.
Does it mean you have to find a different job?
Yes, it means I have to find a different job.
Are you a Harvard graduate?
No, I'm not a Harvard graduate.
Is it difficult for you to find a well paid job?
Yes, it's difficult for me to find a well paid job.
Do you have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job?
Yes, I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
Do you often take a train?
No, I don't often take a train.
Do you wear a seat belt on the train?
No, I don't wear a seat belt on the train.
Are there any seat belts on the train?
Yes, there are seat belts on the train.
Is it expensive to drive a car?
Yes, It's expensive to drive a car.
You have to fill it up.
You have to change oil etc.
Do you have to fill up your car?
Yes, I have to fill up my car.
Do you think gas is cheap?
No, I don't think gas is cheap.
Do you think it's expensive?
Yes, I think it's expensive.
Can you fill up your car for free?
No, I can't fill up my car for free.
Do you have to pay for gas?
Yes, I have to pay for gas.
If you think the price for gas is too high, can you leave without paying for it?
No, if I think the price for gas is too high, I can't leave without paying for it.
If you think the price for gas is too high, is it better to take the Subway?
Yes, if I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
If I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
Does gas cost a little money?
No, gas doesn't cost a little money.
Does gas cost a lot of money?
Yes, gas costs a lot of money.
Does gas cost the same as water?
No, gas doesn't cost the same as water.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Can your car drive if you fill it up with water?
No, my car can't drive if I fill it up with water.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on water.
Are you often stuck in traffic?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic.
Is it interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
No, it's not interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Do you have any money on you?
Yes, I have some money on me.
Do you keep your money in your pocket?
No, I don't keep my money in my pocket.
Do you keep your money in your fridge?
No, I don't keep my money in my fridge.
Do you keep your money in your wallet?
Yes, I keep my money in my wallet.
Where do you keep your money?
I keep my money in my wallet.
What about food, do you keep your food in your wallet, too?
No, I don't keep my food in my wallet.
There's a fridge for these purposes.
Do you keep your food in the fridge?
Yes, I keep my food in the fridge.
Where do you keep your food?
I keep my food in the fridge.
Are you a doctor?
No, I'm not a doctor.
Do you want to become a doctor?
No, I don't want to become a doctor.
Does it take only one year to become a doctor?
No, it doesn't take only one year to become a doctor.
Does it take 4 years to become a doctor?
No, it doesn't take 4 years to become a doctor.
Can it take about 10 years to become a doctor?
Yes, it can take about 10 years to become a doctor.
How long can it take to become a doctor?
It can take about 10 years to become a doctor.
That's a lot of time.
But you have to go for it.
If it's important enough for you.
Do you think doctor's job is boring?
No, I don't think doctor's job is boring.
Do you think doctor's job is interesting?
Yes, I think doctor's job is interesting.
Do you like to go to the doctor?
No, I don't like to go to the doctor.
If you need to see a doctor.
It doesn't matter whether you like it or not.
If you need to see a doctor, can you come without telling them about your coming?
No, if I need to see a doctor, I can't come without telling them about my coming.
If you need to see a doctor, do you have to fix an appointment first?
Yes, if I need to see a doctor, I have to fix an appointment first.
What do you have to do first if you need to see a doctor?
If I need to see a doctor, I have to fix an appointment first .
What do you have to do first if you need to see a doctor?
Are you sometimes late for doctor's appointments?
Yes, I'm sometimes late for doctor's appointments.
Do doctors like it when people are late for an appointment with them?
No, doctors don't like it when people are late for an appointment with them.
Does it drive them crazy when people are late for an appointment with them?
Yes, it drives them crazy when people are late for an appointment with them.
How does it make doctors feel when people are late for an appointment with them?
It drives doctors crazy when people are late for an appointment with them.
How does it make doctors feel when people are late for an appointment with them?
How does it make doctors feel when people are late for an appointment with them?
It drives doctors crazy when people are late for an appointment with them.
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
Does it make you feel good when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
Does it make you feel bad when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Yes, it makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
It makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Is it good for your grade if you get late for an exam?
No, it's not good for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Is it bad for your grade if you get late for an exam?
Yes, It's bad for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Do you have to pass all your exams if you want to stay in college?
Yes, I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
What do you have to do if you want to stay in college?
I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
If you fail too many exams, do you have a good chance of flunking out of college?
Yes, if I fail too many exams, I have a good chance of flunking out of college.
Do you think Josh is thinking about passing his exam?
No, I don't think Josh is thinking about passing his exam.
Do you think Josh wants to flunk out of college?
Yes, I think Josh wants to flunk out of college.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, does he have to pass all his exams?
No, if Josh wants to flunk out of college, he doesn't have to pass all his exams.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, Does he have to fail most of his exams?
Yes, if Josh wants to flunk out of college he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
Do you want to graduate from college with good grades, or with bad grades?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
Do you have a better chance of finding a well paid job if you graduate with good grades?
Yes, I have a better chance of finding a well paid job if I graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
USA stands for United States of America.
UK stands for United Kingdom.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
What does USA stand for?
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
Do you know what UK stands for?
Yes, I know what UK stands for.
Do you know what UK stands for?
What does UK stand for?
UK stands for United Kingdom.
What does UK stand for?
Are you drinking beer at a restaurant now?
No, I'm not drinking beer at a restaurant now.
Are you taking an exam now?
Yes, I'm taking an exam now.
What are you taking now?
I'm taking an exam now.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Why?
Because I'm taking an exam.
Are you usually nervous before You enter the exam room?
Yes, I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
Do you usually enter the exam room unprepared?
No, I don't usually enter the exam room unprepared.
Do you usually enter the exam room prepared?
Yes, I usually enter the exam room prepared.
Does it mean you usually prepare well for the exam?
Yes, it means I usually prepare well for the exam.
Is it important to prepare well for the exam if you want to pass it?
Yes, it's important to prepare well for the exam if I want to pass it.
Is it important to hang out with your friends before the exam if you want to pass it?
No it's not important to hang out with my friends before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
It's important to prepare well before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
If you come to the exam unprepared, do you probably fail it?
Yes, if I come to the exam unprepared I probably fail it.
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
When do students usually fail exams?
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
Do students usually get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared?
No, students usually don't get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared.
Do students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared?
Yes, students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Can you prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes?
No, I can't prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes.
Does it take a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Yes, it takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
It usually takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Is this your car?
Yes, this is my car.
Is it a new car, or a used car?
It's a used car.
Is it out of gas?
No, it's not out of gas.
Is it broken?
Yes, it's broken.
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
What's wrong with your car?
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
Can you drive a car if it's broken?
No, I can't drive my car if it's broken.
If you want to drive it, do you have to fix it first?
Yes, if I want to drive it, I have to fix it first.
Or buy a normal car.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
If I want to drive a broken car, I have to fix it first.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
Do you prefer to drive a new car, or a used car?
I prefer to drive a new car.
I need to fill up on gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there isn't a gas station nearby.
Do you know why I need a gas station?
Yes, I know why you need a gas station.
Do I need a gas station because my car is low on gas?
Yes, you need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
Why do I need a gas station?
You need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for cheap gas?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas.
Why?
Because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Why do you always look for cheap gas when you need to fill up your car?
When I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas because I don't have money for expensive gas.
To change
A tire
Flat tire
To get a flat tire
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Spare
A spare tire
A trunk
There is a spare tire in my trunk
MBA
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration
A Business school
A Business
To start a business
To stay in business
To go out of business
A client
You can't stay in business if you don't have enough clients
A rest
To have a rest
I want to have some rest
Vacation
To go on vacation
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest
Several
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you need a trunk in a car?
Yes, I need a trunk in a car.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
Do you keep anything in your trunk?
Yes, I keep something in my trunk.
Do you sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't sleep in the trunk.
Is there room for a spare tire in your trunk?
No, there isn't room for a spare tire in my trunk.
Does it mean your trunk is too small, or big enough for a spare tire?
It means my trunk is too small for a spare tire.
What does it mean if there is no room for a spare tire in your trunk?
If there is no room for a spare tire in my trunk, it means my trunk is too small.
Do you sometimes get a flat tire?
Yes, I sometimes get a flat tire.
Is it pleasant to get a flat tire?
No, it's not pleasant to get a flat tire.
Is it unpleasant to get a flat tire?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
How is it to get a flat tire?
It's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Yes, I know how to change a flat tire.
Do you have to call for a tow truck if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Yes, I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Do you have an MBA?
No, I don't have an MBA.
Do you want to get an MBA?
Yes, I want to get an MBA.
Is an MBA a business degree?
Yes, an MBA is a business degree.
What kind of degree is an MBA?
An MBA is a business degree.
What kind of degree is an MBA
Can you get an MBA in college?
No, I can't get an MBA in college.
Do you know what MBA stands for?
Yes, I know what MBA stands for.
Does MBA stand for Money Buys All?
No, MBA doesn't stand for Money Buys All.
Does MBA stand for Master of Business Administration?
Yes, MBA stands for Master of Business Administration.
What does MBA stand for?
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration .
What does MBA stand for?
What does MBA stand for?
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration.
MBA is a very desirable degree.
Which means a lot of people want to get it.
But it's very expensive and difficult to get.
Is it cheap to get a quality MBA?
No, it's not cheap to get a quality MBA.
Does it cost a lot of get a quality MBA?
Yes, it costs a lot to get a quality MBA.
Do you have to go to a business school to get an MBA?
Yes, I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Do you have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA?
No, I don't have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
Do you have to study hard there?
Yes, I have to study hard there.
If you don't study hard at a business school, do they kick you out?
Yes, if I don't study hard at a business school, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Entering an MBA program and paying your tuition.
Is not enough.
Study hard.
Or get kicked out.
Do you want to start a business?
Yes, I want to start a business.
Do you want to start a business tomorrow?
No, I don't want to start a business tomorrow.
You don't go into business like that.
You have to be prepared.
It might take years.
Do you want to start a business in several years?
Yes, I want to start a business in several years.
Do you have to be well prepared before you start a business?
Yes, I have to be well prepared before I start a business.
Is it a good idea to start a business if you are unprepared?
No, it's not a good idea to start a business if I'm unprepared.
Can it take several years to prepare to start a business?
Yes, it can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
It can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
Do you work here?
Yes, I work here.
Do you hang out here?
No, I don't hang out here.
What do you do here?
I work here.
Do you have any clients here now?
No, I don't have any clients here now.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
No, I don't have a lot of clients lately.
Does it mean the business is going fine?
No, it doesn't mean the business is going fine.
Does it mean the business is going badly?
Yes, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
If I don't have a lot of clients, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
Do you have a lot of time to rest when you don't have many clients?
Yes, I have a lot of time to rest when I don't have many clients.
Do people come to your bar when they run out of bread?
No, people don't come to my bar when they run out of bread.
Do people come to your bar when they want to have a beer?
Yes, people come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
When do people come to your bar?
People come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
Having very few clients is bad for you.
You can't stay in business for long if you don't have enough clients.
Is having a few clients good for your business?
No, having a few clients isn't good for my business.
Is having a few clients bad for your business?
Yes, having a few clients is bad for my business.
How is it to have a few clients?
It's bad for my business to have a few clients.
Can you stay in business for long if you don't have any clients?
No, I can't stay in business for long if I don't have any clients.
You want to stay in business.
You need some clients to bring some cash.
Otherwise.
You go out of business.
Do you have to go out of business if you don't have enough clients?
Yes, I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
What do you have to do if you don't have enough clients?
I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
Do you make enough money to go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I make enough money to go on vacation several times a year.
Do you go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
Do people go on vacation when they want to have some rest?
Yes, people go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
Do people go on vacation when they want to work hard?
No, people don't go on vacation when they want to work hard.
When do people go on vacation?
People go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
When do people go on vacation?
Is it good for you to sit in your office all year long?
No, it's not good for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it really bad for you to sit in your office all year long?
Yes, it's really bad for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it better for you to sit in your office all year long, or to go on vacation several times a year?
It's better for me to go on vacation several times a year.
Can you go on vacation to an expensive place if you are low on money?
No, I can't go on vacation to an expensive place if I'm low on money.
Do you have to go on vacation to some cheap place if you're low on money?
Yes, I have to go on vacation to some cheap place if I'm low on money.
Or better yet.
You can stay home.
And save a couple of bucks.
----‐------------------------------------------------------