Do you work here?
Yes, I work here.
Do you hang out here?
No, I don't hang out here.
What do you do here?
I work here.
Do you have any clients here now?
No, I don't have any clients here now.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
No, I don't have a lot of clients lately.
Does it mean the business is going fine?
No, it doesn't mean the business is going fine.
Does it mean the business is going badly?
Yes, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
If I don't have a lot of clients, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
Do you have a lot of time to rest when you don't have many clients?
Yes, I have a lot of time to rest when I don't have many clients.
Do people come to your bar when they run out of bread?
No, people don't come to my bar when they run out of bread.
Do people come to your bar when they want to have a beer?
Yes, people come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
When do people come to your bar?
People come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
Having very few clients is bad for you.
You can't stay in business for long if you don't have enough clients.
Is having a few clients good for your business?
No, having a few clients isn't good for my business.
Is having a few clients bad for your business?
Yes, having a few clients is bad for my business.
How is it to have a few clients?
It's bad for my business to have a few clients.
Can you stay in business for long if you don't have any clients?
No, I can't stay in business for long if I don't have any clients.
You want to stay in business.
You need some clients to bring some cash.
Otherwise.
You go out of business.
Do you have to go out of business if you don't have enough clients?
Yes, I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
What do you have to do if you don't have enough clients?
I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you need a trunk in a car?
Yes, I need a trunk in a car.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
Do you keep anything in your trunk?
Yes, I keep something in my trunk.
Do you sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't sleep in the trunk.
Is there room for a spare tire in your trunk?
No, there isn't room for a spare tire in my trunk.
Does it mean your trunk is too small, or big enough for a spare tire?
It means my trunk is too small for a spare tire.
What does it mean if there is no room for a spare tire in your trunk?
If there is no room for a spare tire in my trunk, it means my trunk is too small.
Do you sometimes get a flat tire?
Yes, I sometimes get a flat tire.
Is it pleasant to get a flat tire?
No, it's not pleasant to get a flat tire.
Is it unpleasant to get a flat tire?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
How is it to get a flat tire?
It's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Yes, I know how to change a flat tire.
Do you have to call for a tow truck if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Yes, I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Do you often go grocery shopping?
Yes, I often go grocery shopping.
Do you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
No I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour.
Why not?
Because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Why don't you enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour?
I don't enjoy grocery shopping during rush hour because there are too many people at the store during rush hour.
Do you always have enough money to pay for the groceries you take?
Yes, I always have enough money to pay for the groceries I take.
Can you pay for the groceries if you run out of money?
No, I can't pay for the groceries if I run out of money.
Then don't take so many groceries.
Or choose cheaper ones.
Those you can afford.
Do you have bills to pay?
Yes, I have bills to pay.
Do you sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay your bills?
Yes, I sometimes run out of money and don't have enough to pay my bills.
Do people often run out of money if they earn peanuts?
Yes, people often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
People often run out of money if they earn peanuts.
What do people often run out of if they earn peanuts?
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Are you getting late for work?
Yes, I'm getting late for work.
Why are you nervous?
I'm nervous because I'm getting late for work.
Do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
Yes, I always get nervous when I'm late for work.
Why?
Because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Why do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
I always get nervous when I'm late for work because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
No, I don't usually take my time when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
Do you usually hurry when you're late for work?
Yes, I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
What do you usually do when you're late for work?
I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
He isn't taking his time.
He is waiting for the train.
But probably the train is taking its time.
Are you waiting for your friend?
No, I'm not waiting for my friend.
Are you waiting for a bus?
No, I'm not waiting for a bus.
Are you waiting for a train?
Yes, I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
Is it interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
No, it's not interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
Is it boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Yes, it's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
It's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Do most people go to work or home during rush hour?
Yes, most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Yes trains get crowded during rush hour.
Why?
Because most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Why do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Trains get crowded during rush hour because most people go to work or home.
Do you enjoy taking a crowded train?
No, I don't enjoy taking a crowded train.
Do you hate taking a crowded train?
Yes, I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
Is taking a crowded train better than driving your car?
No, taking a crowded train isn't better than driving my car.
Is driving your car better than taking a crowded train?
Yes, driving my car is better than taking a crowded train.
Which is better, driving a car, or taking a crowded train?
Driving a car is better than taking a crowded train.
Is this your car?
Yes, this is my car.
Is it a new car, or a used car?
It's a used car.
Is it out of gas?
No, it's not out of gas.
Is it broken?
Yes, it's broken.
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
What's wrong with your car?
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
Can you drive a car if it's broken?
No, I can't drive my car if it's broken.
If you want to drive it, do you have to fix it first?
Yes, if I want to drive it, I have to fix it first.
Or buy a normal car.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
If I want to drive a broken car, I have to fix it first.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
Do you prefer to drive a new car, or a used car?
I prefer to drive a new car.
I need to fill up on gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there isn't a gas station nearby.
Do you know why I need a gas station?
Yes, I know why you need a gas station.
Do I need a gas station because my car is low on gas?
Yes, you need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
Why do I need a gas station?
You need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for cheap gas?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas.
Why?
Because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Why do you always look for cheap gas when you need to fill up your car?
When I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
Do you make enough money to go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I make enough money to go on vacation several times a year.
Do you go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
Do people go on vacation when they want to have some rest?
Yes, people go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
Do people go on vacation when they want to work hard?
No, people don't go on vacation when they want to work hard.
When do people go on vacation?
People go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
When do people go on vacation?
Is it good for you to sit in your office all year long?
No, it's not good for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it really bad for you to sit in your office all year long?
Yes, it's really bad for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it better for you to sit in your office all year long, or to go on vacation several times a year?
It's better for me to go on vacation several times a year.
Can you go on vacation to an expensive place if you are low on money?
No, I can't go on vacation to an expensive place if I'm low on money.
Do you have to go on vacation to some cheap place if you're low on money?
Yes, I have to go on vacation to some cheap place if I'm low on money.
Or better yet.
You can stay home.
And save a couple of bucks.
Is cheap gas the same quality as expensive gas?
No, cheap gas isn't the same quality as expensive gas.
Is cheap gas different quality from expensive gas?
Yes, cheap gas is different quality from expensive gas.
Is cheap gas usually high quality?
No, cheap gas isn't usually high quality.
Is cheap gas usually low quality?
Yes, cheap gas is usually low quality.
What quality is cheap gas?
Cheap gas is usually low quality.
If gas is expensive, does it always mean it's high quality?
No, if gas is expensive, it doesn't always mean it's high quality.
It usually means good marketing
Does your car often break down?
Yes, my car often breaks down.
Does your car break down once a month?
No, my car doesn't break down once a month.
Does your car break down once every 3 months?
Yes, my car breaks down once every 3 months.
How often does your car break down?
My car breaks down once every 3 months.
Can you predict when your car can break down next time?
No, I can't predict when my car can break down next time.
Do you know how to fix your car when it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car when it breaks down.
When your car breaks down, do you call for a tow truck?
Yes, when my car breaks down, I call for a tow truck.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
I call for a tow truck when my car breaks down.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
Does a tow truck take your car to the garage to fix it?
Yes, a tow truck takes my car to the garage to fix it.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
A tow truck takes my car to the garage when it breaks down.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
Is that a tow trick?
Yes, that's a tow truck.
Where is it taking your car?
It's taking my car to the garage.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Does a tow truck take a car to the garage for free?
No, a tow truck doesn't take a car to the garage for free.
Does it cost a little to tow your car to the garage?
No, it doesn't cost a little to tow my car to the garage.
Does it cost a lot to tow your car to the garage?
Yes, it costs a lot to tow my car to the garage.
Unless you have an insurance policy for cases like that.
If your car often breaks down, does it mean the car is high quality, or low quality?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
USA stands for United States of America.
UK stands for United Kingdom.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
What does USA stand for?
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
Do you know what UK stands for?
Yes, I know what UK stands for.
Do you know what UK stands for?
What does UK stand for?
UK stands for United Kingdom.
What does UK stand for?
Are you drinking beer at a restaurant now?
No, I'm not drinking beer at a restaurant now.
Are you taking an exam now?
Yes, I'm taking an exam now.
What are you taking now?
I'm taking an exam now.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Why?
Because I'm taking an exam.
Are you usually nervous before You enter the exam room?
Yes, I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
Do you usually enter the exam room unprepared?
No, I don't usually enter the exam room unprepared.
Do you usually enter the exam room prepared?
Yes, I usually enter the exam room prepared.
Does it mean you usually prepare well for the exam?
Yes, it means I usually prepare well for the exam.
Is it important to prepare well for the exam if you want to pass it?
Yes, it's important to prepare well for the exam if I want to pass it.
Is it important to hang out with your friends before the exam if you want to pass it?
No it's not important to hang out with my friends before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
It's important to prepare well before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
If you come to the exam unprepared, do you probably fail it?
Yes, if I come to the exam unprepared I probably fail it.
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
When do students usually fail exams?
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
Do students usually get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared?
No, students usually don't get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared.
Do students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared?
Yes, students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Can you prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes?
No, I can't prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes.
Does it take a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Yes, it takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
It usually takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Do you have an MBA?
No, I don't have an MBA.
Do you want to get an MBA?
Yes, I want to get an MBA.
Is an MBA a business degree?
Yes, an MBA is a business degree.
What kind of degree is an MBA?
An MBA is a business degree.
What kind of degree is an MBA
Can you get an MBA in college?
No, I can't get an MBA in college.
Do you know what MBA stands for?
Yes, I know what MBA stands for.
Does MBA stand for Money Buys All?
No, MBA doesn't stand for Money Buys All.
Does MBA stand for Master of Business Administration?
Yes, MBA stands for Master of Business Administration.
What does MBA stand for?
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration .
What does MBA stand for?
What does MBA stand for?
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration.
Web design
To miss
I don't want to miss my class
All right
Everything is all right
Just
I just want to tell you something
A concert
Soon
A singer
To sing
A song
What a heck
To agree
To disagree
Hey, Michael, do you have a minute?
Not really.
I'm getting late for my web design class.
I really don't want to miss it.
Is everything all right?
Yes.
I'm just...
Going to sting concert soon.
I have a spare ticket...
Do you want to go with me?
Go to the concert with you?
Hmm... why not?
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
When are we going?
Tomorrow at 6 PM.
Oh no!
Tomorrow is Thursday!
No... I can't go with you tomorrow.
I'm working on a very important project.
and tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
That's right. Good thinking.
That's too bad.
Well, do you want to go to the movies on Sunday together?
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
No, I don't...
But my sister is... throwing a birthday party.
And I have to help her cook.
All right, how about next week?
We can go somewhere nice.
And have a good time together.
Next week is fine...
I guess.
We can go to...
The art gallery.
Come on, Michael!
Those galleries are so boring!
Can we go somewhere else?
You know, some "cool" place to hang out?
I hope you know what "cool" means
Ok, how about a baseball game?
Next Tuesday the Yankees are playing the Dodgers.
I hate baseball!
This is just not my game...
I have an idea:
Why don't we go to the opera?
Opera...
I have another idea!
Just go to your opera alone.
I'm going to the baseball game.
Here we have Amy.
And Michael.
Amy comes to Michael and says.
Hey, Michael, do you have a minute?
Michael apparently doesn't want to talk to Amy.
So he answers.
Not really.
I'm getting late for my web design class.
Does Amy want to talk to Sam?
No, Amy doesn't want to talk to Sam.
Does Amy want to talk to Lisa?
No, Amy doesn't want to talk to Lisa.
Who does Amy want to talk to?
Amy wants to talk to Michael.
Who does Amy want to talk to?
What is she asking him?
She is asking him "Do you have a minute"?
Yeah.
She is asking him.
Hey, Michael, do you have a minute?
And he answers.
Not really.
No, he doesn't have a minute to talk to her.
Does Michael have a minute to talk to her?
No, Michael doesn't have a minute to talk to her.
What doesn't he have time to do?
He doesn't have time to talk to Amy.
He doesn't have time for it.
He says.
Not really.
I'm getting late for my web design class.
He has a design class.
He has to go to his design class.
If he stays here and talks to Amy.
He can be late.
He is already getting late for his design class.
So, he can't stay here any longer.
Is he getting late for work?
No, he isn't getting late for work.
Is he getting late for a doctor's appointment?
No, he isn't getting late for a doctor's appointment.
Is he getting late for his web design class?
Yes, is he getting late for his web design class.
What is he getting late for?
He is getting late for his web design class.
What is he getting late for?
Can he be late for his web design class if he stays and talks to Amy?
Yes, he can be late for his Web design class if he stays and talks to Amy.
Why can't he stay and talk to Amy for a minute?
He can't stay and talk to Amy for a minute because he can be late for his web design class.
Why can't he stay and talk to Amy for a minute?
Why can't he stay and talk to Amy for a minute?
He can't stay and talk to Amy for a minute because he can be late for his web design class.
He can be late for his web design class.
He doesn't want that to happen.
Not really. I'm getting late for my web design class.
I really don't want to miss it.
Does he want to miss his class?
No, he doesn't want to miss his class.
What doesn't he want to miss?
He doesn't want to miss his web design class.
Is his Web design class very important to him?
Yes, his web design class is very important to him.
Why doesn't he want to miss his web design class?
He doesn't want to miss his web design class because it's very important to him.
Why doesn't he want to miss his web design class?
He doesn't want to miss his web design class because it's very important to him.
It is really important.
He is already getting late.
And he doesn't want to miss it.
But he also wonders what Amy wants from him.
I'm getting late for my web design class.
I really don't want to miss it.
Is everything alright?
He wants to know if she is "alright".
And Amy says that.
Yes, she is alright.
But she is going somewhere.
And...
Yeah,
I'm just...
Going to sting concert soon
You get it?
She is going to sting concert soon.
Is she going to college soon?
No, she isn't going to college soon
Is she going to Britney Spears concert soon?
No, she isn't going to Britney Spears concert soon.
Is she going to sting concert soon?
Yes, she is going to sting concert soon.
Where is she going soon?
She is going to sting concert soon
Who is Sting?
Sting is a singer.
Who is Sting?
Sting is a singer.
Does Sting sing songs at his concerts?
Yes, Sting sings songs at his concerts.
Why?
Because he is a singer.
Do people pay money to hear him sing songs at the concert?
Yes, people pay money to hear him sing songs at the concert.
He is a famous singer.
There's going to be a concert soon
And Amy is going.
I'm just... going to Sting concert soon.
I have a spare ticket...
Do you want to go with me?
She has a spare ticket to Sting concert.
One more ticket.
She has one for her.
And one for...
Someone else.
And she wants Michael.
To go with her.
Does she only have one ticket to the concert?
No, she doesn't only have one ticket to the concert.
Does she have three tickets to the concert?
No, she doesn't have three tickets to the concert.
Not 3.
She has one ticket for her.
And one spare ticket.
Does she have a spare ticket?
Yes, she has a spare ticket.
How many spare tickets does she have?
She has one spare ticket.
How many spare tickets does she have?
Does she want Michael to go to the concert with her?
Yes, she wants Michael to go to the concert with her.
Yes, she wants Michael to go to the concert with her.
Because she has a spare ticket.
I have a spare ticket...
Do you want to go with me?
Who does she want to go with her?
She wants Michael to go with her.
Where does she want Michael to go with her?
She wants Michael to go to Sting concert with her.
Where does she want Michael to go with her?
She wants Michael to go to Sting concert with her?
Because she has a spare ticket.
I'm just... going to Sting concert soon.
I have a spare ticket...
Do you want to go with me?
It caught him a bit off his guard.
He doesn't really want to go with her?
He doesn't like the idea of going to the concert with her.
But he says.
Go to the concert with you?
Why not?
He agrees to go with her.
And then he immediately regrets it.
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
What a heck are you doing?
Is a strong form of what are you doing?
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
You don't want to go with her.
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
Does he agree to go to the concert with her?
Yes, he agrees to go to the concert with her.
What does he agree to do with her?
He agrees to go to the concert with her.
Does he know why he agrees to go with her?
No, he doesn't know why he agrees to go with her.
What is he thinking?
He is thinking "What a heck are you doing, Michael"?
What is he thinking?
He is thinking "What a heck are you doing, Michael"?
Why is he thinking that?
He is thinking that because he doesn't know why he agrees to go with her.
Why is he thinking that?
He is thinking that because he doesn't know why he agrees to go with her.
He doesn't know why he agreed.
He doesn't know why he said yes.
Now he has to find a way out of this.
----‐------------------------------------------------------