MBA is a very desirable degree.
Which means a lot of people want to get it.
But it's very expensive and difficult to get.
Is it cheap to get a quality MBA?
No, it's not cheap to get a quality MBA.
Does it cost a lot of get a quality MBA?
Yes, it costs a lot to get a quality MBA.
Do you have to go to a business school to get an MBA?
Yes, I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Do you have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA?
No, I don't have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
Do you have to study hard there?
Yes, I have to study hard there.
If you don't study hard at a business school, do they kick you out?
Yes, if I don't study hard at a business school, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Entering an MBA program and paying your tuition.
Is not enough.
Study hard.
Or get kicked out.
Do you want to start a business?
Yes, I want to start a business.
Do you want to start a business tomorrow?
No, I don't want to start a business tomorrow.
You don't go into business like that.
You have to be prepared.
It might take years.
Do you want to start a business in several years?
Yes, I want to start a business in several years.
Do you have to be well prepared before you start a business?
Yes, I have to be well prepared before I start a business.
Is it a good idea to start a business if you are unprepared?
No, it's not a good idea to start a business if I'm unprepared.
Can it take several years to prepare to start a business?
Yes, it can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
It can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you need a trunk in a car?
Yes, I need a trunk in a car.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
Do you keep anything in your trunk?
Yes, I keep something in my trunk.
Do you sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't sleep in the trunk.
Is there room for a spare tire in your trunk?
No, there isn't room for a spare tire in my trunk.
Does it mean your trunk is too small, or big enough for a spare tire?
It means my trunk is too small for a spare tire.
What does it mean if there is no room for a spare tire in your trunk?
If there is no room for a spare tire in my trunk, it means my trunk is too small.
Do you sometimes get a flat tire?
Yes, I sometimes get a flat tire.
Is it pleasant to get a flat tire?
No, it's not pleasant to get a flat tire.
Is it unpleasant to get a flat tire?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
How is it to get a flat tire?
It's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Yes, I know how to change a flat tire.
Do you have to call for a tow truck if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Yes, I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
USA stands for United States of America.
UK stands for United Kingdom.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
What does USA stand for?
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
Do you know what UK stands for?
Yes, I know what UK stands for.
Do you know what UK stands for?
What does UK stand for?
UK stands for United Kingdom.
What does UK stand for?
Are you drinking beer at a restaurant now?
No, I'm not drinking beer at a restaurant now.
Are you taking an exam now?
Yes, I'm taking an exam now.
What are you taking now?
I'm taking an exam now.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Why?
Because I'm taking an exam.
Are you usually nervous before You enter the exam room?
Yes, I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
Do you usually enter the exam room unprepared?
No, I don't usually enter the exam room unprepared.
Do you usually enter the exam room prepared?
Yes, I usually enter the exam room prepared.
Does it mean you usually prepare well for the exam?
Yes, it means I usually prepare well for the exam.
Is it important to prepare well for the exam if you want to pass it?
Yes, it's important to prepare well for the exam if I want to pass it.
Is it important to hang out with your friends before the exam if you want to pass it?
No it's not important to hang out with my friends before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
It's important to prepare well before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
If you come to the exam unprepared, do you probably fail it?
Yes, if I come to the exam unprepared I probably fail it.
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
When do students usually fail exams?
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
Do students usually get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared?
No, students usually don't get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared.
Do students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared?
Yes, students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Can you prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes?
No, I can't prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes.
Does it take a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Yes, it takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
It usually takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Is cheap gas the same quality as expensive gas?
No, cheap gas isn't the same quality as expensive gas.
Is cheap gas different quality from expensive gas?
Yes, cheap gas is different quality from expensive gas.
Is cheap gas usually high quality?
No, cheap gas isn't usually high quality.
Is cheap gas usually low quality?
Yes, cheap gas is usually low quality.
What quality is cheap gas?
Cheap gas is usually low quality.
If gas is expensive, does it always mean it's high quality?
No, if gas is expensive, it doesn't always mean it's high quality.
It usually means good marketing
Does your car often break down?
Yes, my car often breaks down.
Does your car break down once a month?
No, my car doesn't break down once a month.
Does your car break down once every 3 months?
Yes, my car breaks down once every 3 months.
How often does your car break down?
My car breaks down once every 3 months.
Can you predict when your car can break down next time?
No, I can't predict when my car can break down next time.
Do you know how to fix your car when it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car when it breaks down.
When your car breaks down, do you call for a tow truck?
Yes, when my car breaks down, I call for a tow truck.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
I call for a tow truck when my car breaks down.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
Does a tow truck take your car to the garage to fix it?
Yes, a tow truck takes my car to the garage to fix it.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
A tow truck takes my car to the garage when it breaks down.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
Is that a tow trick?
Yes, that's a tow truck.
Where is it taking your car?
It's taking my car to the garage.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Does a tow truck take a car to the garage for free?
No, a tow truck doesn't take a car to the garage for free.
Does it cost a little to tow your car to the garage?
No, it doesn't cost a little to tow my car to the garage.
Does it cost a lot to tow your car to the garage?
Yes, it costs a lot to tow my car to the garage.
Unless you have an insurance policy for cases like that.
If your car often breaks down, does it mean the car is high quality, or low quality?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Are you getting late for work?
Yes, I'm getting late for work.
Why are you nervous?
I'm nervous because I'm getting late for work.
Do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
Yes, I always get nervous when I'm late for work.
Why?
Because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Why do you always get nervous when you're late for work?
I always get nervous when I'm late for work because my boss doesn't like it when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
No, I don't usually take my time when I'm late for work.
Do you usually take your time when you're late for work?
Do you usually hurry when you're late for work?
Yes, I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
What do you usually do when you're late for work?
I usually hurry when I'm late for work.
He isn't taking his time.
He is waiting for the train.
But probably the train is taking its time.
Are you waiting for your friend?
No, I'm not waiting for my friend.
Are you waiting for a bus?
No, I'm not waiting for a bus.
Are you waiting for a train?
Yes, I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
I'm waiting for a train.
What are you waiting for?
Is it interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
No, it's not interesting to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
Is it boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Yes, it's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
It's boring to wait for the train for 30 minutes.
How is it to wait for the train for 30 minutes?
Do most people go to work or home during rush hour?
Yes, most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Where do most people go during rush hour?
Do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Yes trains get crowded during rush hour.
Why?
Because most people go to work or home during rush hour.
Why do trains get crowded during rush hour?
Trains get crowded during rush hour because most people go to work or home.
Do you enjoy taking a crowded train?
No, I don't enjoy taking a crowded train.
Do you hate taking a crowded train?
Yes, I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
How do you feel about taking a crowded train?
I hate taking a crowded train.
Is taking a crowded train better than driving your car?
No, taking a crowded train isn't better than driving my car.
Is driving your car better than taking a crowded train?
Yes, driving my car is better than taking a crowded train.
Which is better, driving a car, or taking a crowded train?
Driving a car is better than taking a crowded train.
Is there any broken glass on the floor?
No, there isn't any broken glass on the floor.
Do you like to walk on the broken glass?
No, I don't like to walk on the broken glass.
Is it good for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
No, it's not good for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Is it very bad for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
Yes, it's very bad for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Are you a college graduate?
Yes, I'm a college graduate.
Do you have a little work experience ?
No, I don't have a little work experience.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
How much work experience do you have?
I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you have a lot of job opportunities in this place?
No, I don't think I have a lot of job opportunities in this place.
Do you think this is a dead -end job?
Yes, I think this is a dead -end job.
What's a dead -end job?
A dead -end job is a job without any opportunities.
If you think you have a dead -end job, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I think I have a dead -end job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better for you to do if you have a dead -end job?
If I have a dead -end job, it's better for me to look for another job.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience.
So, the two things you need to find a well-paid job are:
College degree.
And much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
Do you rent an apartment?
Yes, I rent an apartment .
Do you earn enough money to pay your rent?
Yes, I earn enough money to pay my rent.
Do you hope your rent goes up in two months?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up in two months.
If your apartment becomes too expensive for you, is it a good idea to find another place to live?
Yes, if my apartment becomes too expensive for me, it's a good idea to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
To refuse
He wants to refuse her
A way
He is trying to find a way to refuse her
A phrase
What does this phrase mean?
To work on something
I'm working on my paper
A project
I'm working on a very important project
Good thinking! = Good idea!
Tomorrow
Tonight
Together
Sure
I'm sure you're free tomorrow.
To invite
Hey, Michael, do you have a minute?
Not really.
I'm getting late for my web design class.
I really don't want to miss it.
Is everything all right?
Yeah.
I'm just...
Going to Sting concert soon.
I have a spare ticket.
Do you want to go with me?
Go to the concert with you?
Why not?
Is Michael getting late for work?
No, Michael isn't getting late for work.
What is Michael getting late for?
Michael is getting late for his web design class.
What is Michael getting late for?
Does he want to miss it?
No, he doesn't want to miss it.
What doesn't he want to miss?
He doesn't want to miss his web design class.
Why doesn't he want to miss his Web design class?
He doesn't want to miss his web design class because it's very important to him.
Why doesn't he want to miss his Web design class?
He doesn't want to miss his web design class because it's very important to him.
Where is Amy going soon?
Amy is going to Sting concert soon.
Who is Sting?
Sting is a singer.
What do singers do?
Singers sing songs.
What do singers do?
Singers sing songs.
What does Sting do?
Sting sings songs.
Why?
Because he is a singer.
Does she want to take anybody to the concert with her?
Yes, she wants to take somebody to the concert with her.
Who does she want to take to the concert?
She wants to take Michael to the concert.
Why?
Because she likes him.
Why does she want to take Michael to the concert?
She wants to take Michael to the concert because she likes him.
How many spare tickets does she have?
She has one spare ticket.
How many spare tickets does she have?
Who does she want to give this spare ticket to?
She wants to give this spare ticket to Michael.
Does Michael agree to go to the concert with her?
Yes, Michael agrees to go to the concert with her.
Does he know why he agrees to go with her?
No, he doesn't know why he agrees to go with her.
What does the phrase "What a heck" mean?
The phrase "what a heck" means "what".
What does the phrase "What a heck" mean?
The phrase "what a heck" means "what".
So.
Michael has no idea why he said "yes".
To Amy's offer to go to Sting concert with her.
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
Where are we going?
Tomorrow at 6 PM.
So.
The concert is tomorrow at 6 PM.
Is Sting concert today at 4 PM?
No, Sting concert isn't today at 4 PM.
When is sting concert?
Sting concert is tomorrow at 6 PM.
Does Amy hope Michael is free tomorrow at 6?
Yes, Amy hopes Michael is free tomorrow at 6.
Does Amy hope Michael has a lot of work to do tomorrow at 6?
No, Amy hopes Michael doesn't have a lot of work to do tomorrow at 6.
Why?
Because she wants to go to the concert with him.
Does she want Michael to refuse her?
No, she doesn't want Michael to refuse her.
She doesn't.
But Michael does.
He want to refuse her now.
But he doesn't know how to do that.
And now he is trying to find a way
To refuse her.
Oh no! Tomorrow is Thursday!
No, I can't go with you tomorrow.
I'm working on a very important project.
And tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
He says that tomorrow is Thursday.
Oh no! Tomorrow is Thursday!
Is today Thursday?
No, today isn't Thursday.
Is today Tuesday?
No, today isn't Tuesday.
Is today Wednesday?
Yes, today is Wednesday.
What's tomorrow?
Tomorrow is Thursday.
Oh no! Tomorrow is Thursday!
No, I can't go with you tomorrow.
I'm working on a very important project.
Can he go to the concert with her tomorrow?
No, he can't go to the concert with her tomorrow.
Where can't he go with her tomorrow?
He can't go to the concert with her tomorrow.
When can't he go to the concert with her?
He can't go to the concert with her tomorrow.
Who can't he go to the concert with?
He can't go to the concert with Amy.
Who can't he go to the concert with?
Is he working on anything?
Yes, he is working on something.
Is he working on a project?
Yes, he is working on a project.
What does he say he is working on?
He says he is working on a project.
What does he say he is working on?
He says he is working on a project.
Is the project he is working on a little important?
No, the project he is working on isn't a little important.
Is the project he is working on very important?
Yes, the project he is working on is very important.
How important is the project he is working on?
The project he is working on is very important.
What do you think.
Is he really working on a very important project, or is he trying to find a way to refuse her?
I think he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
What do you think
Is he really working on a very important project, or is he trying to find a way to refuse her?
I think he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
Why is he telling her that he is working on a very important project?
He is telling her that he is working on a very important project because he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
Yeah.
He doesn't know how to refuse her. now.
First.
He agreed.
Now he is trying to find a way to say "no".
To make it even more convincing.
He says that tomorrow at 6 PM.
He is taking an exam.
Oh no! tomorrow is Thursday!
No, I can't go with you tomorrow.
I'm working on a very important project.
And tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
Does he say he is taking an exam tonight?
No, he doesn't say he is taking an exam tonight.
Does he say he is taking an exam in 1 week?
No, he doesn't say he is taking an exam in 1 week.
Does he say he is taking an exam tomorrow at 6 PM?
Yes, he says he is taking an exam tomorrow at 6 PM.
What does he say he is taking tomorrow at 6 PM?
He says he is taking an exam tomorrow at 6 PM.
When does he say he is taking an exam?
He says he is taking an exam tomorrow at 6 PM.
When does he say he is taking an exam?
What time does his exam start tomorrow?
His exam starts at 6 PM tomorrow.
What do you think.
Is he really taking an exam tomorrow, or is he trying to find a way to refuse her?
I think he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
What do you think.
Is he really taking an exam tomorrow, or is he trying to find a way to refuse her?
I think he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
So, he says.
That now he is working on a "very important project".
And tomorrow at 6 PM.
He is taking a "very important" exam
Which isn't true?
It's just a way to refuse her.
I'm working on a very important project.
And tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
And then he thinks.
That's right. Good thinking.
The phrase "good thinking".
Means.
Good idea.
He likes this idea.
He likes what he is saying to Amy.
Does he like what he is saying to Amy?
Yes, he likes what he is saying to Amy.
What makes you think so?
Because he thinks "good thinking".
What makes you think he likes what he is saying to Amy?
I think he likes what he is saying to Amy because he thinks "good thinking".
Does the phrase "good thinking" means anything?
Yes, the phrase "good thinking" means something.
What does the phrase "good thinking" mean?
The phrase "good thinking" means "good idea".
What does the phrase "good thinking" mean?
What does the phrase "good thinking" mean?
The phrase "good thinking" means "good idea".
Is he really taking an exam tomorrow?
No, he isn't really taking an exam tomorrow.
Is he just trying to make her think that he is taking an exam tomorrow?
Yes, he is just trying to make her think that he is taking an exam tomorrow.
Why is he trying to make her think that he is taking an exam tomorrow?
He is trying to make her think that he is taking an exam tomorrow because he doesn't want to go to the concert with her.
Why is he trying to make her think that he is taking an exam tomorrow?
He is trying to make her think that he is taking an exam tomorrow because he doesn't want to go to the concert with her.
He doesn't want to go with her
He is trying to find a good way to refuse her.
And he thinks his idea of telling her.
That he is taking an exam is very good.
That's right. Good thinking.
But it doesn't make Amy happy.
That's too bad.
Well,
Do you want to go to the movies on. Sunday together.
So,
Now she is inviting him to the movies on Sunday.
Is she inviting him to the restaurant?
No, she isn't inviting him to the restaurant.
Is she inviting him to her home?
No, she isn't inviting him to her home.
Is she inviting him to the movie theatre?
Yes, she is inviting him to the movie theatre.
Where is she inviting him?
She is inviting him to the movie theatre.
She wants to go to the movies together with Michael.
Well, do you want to go to the movies on Sunday together?
Does she want to go to the movies alone?
No, she doesn't want to go to the movies alone.
Does she want to go to the movies together with her mother?
No, she doesn't want to go to the movies together with her mother.
Does she want to go to the movies together with Michael?
Yes, she wants to go to the movies together with Michael.
Who does she want to go to the movies with?
She wants to go to the movies with Michael.
Who does she want to go to the movies with?
When does she want to go to the movies with Michael?
She wants to go to the movies with Michael on Sunday.
Does she think Michael is taking another exam on Sunday?
No, she doesn't think Michael is taking another exam on Sunday.
Does she think Michael is free on Sunday?
Yes, she thinks Micheal is free on Sunday.
She thinks Micheal is free on Sunday.
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
Is she sure that Michael has to take some exams on Sunday?
No, she is sure Michael doesn't have to take any exams on Sunday.
Is she sure that Michael is free to go to the movies with her on Sunday?
Yes, she is sure that Michael is free to go to the movies with her on Sunday.
So.
First Michael says.
That he was working on a very important project.
I'm working on a very important project.
Then he said.
That he was going to take an exam tomorrow at 6 PM.
Tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
And he said it all as a way to refuse her.
And he thought.
That's right. Good thinking.
But Amy wouldn't give up.
Now she is inviting him to the movies on Sunday.
Because she is sure.
He doesn't have to take any exams on Sunday.
That's too bad.
Well, do you want to go to the movies on Sunday together?
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
What is Michael going to do about it
Will he find a way to refuse her now?
Stay tuned.
And you'll find out.
----‐------------------------------------------------------
