Do you make enough money to go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I make enough money to go on vacation several times a year.
Do you go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
Do people go on vacation when they want to have some rest?
Yes, people go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
Do people go on vacation when they want to work hard?
No, people don't go on vacation when they want to work hard.
When do people go on vacation?
People go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
When do people go on vacation?
Is it good for you to sit in your office all year long?
No, it's not good for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it really bad for you to sit in your office all year long?
Yes, it's really bad for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it better for you to sit in your office all year long, or to go on vacation several times a year?
It's better for me to go on vacation several times a year.
Can you go on vacation to an expensive place if you are low on money?
No, I can't go on vacation to an expensive place if I'm low on money.
Do you have to go on vacation to some cheap place if you're low on money?
Yes, I have to go on vacation to some cheap place if I'm low on money.
Or better yet.
You can stay home.
And save a couple of bucks.
Is a lawyer a dead -end job?
No, a lawyer isn't a dead end job.
Do good lawyers earn a little money?
No, good lawyers don't earn a little money.
Do good lawyers earn a lot of money?
Yes, good lawyers earn a lot of money.
If you are a lawyer, does it mean that you are rich?
No, if I'm a lawyer, it doesn't mean that I'm rich.
Your job titles mean nothing.
You want to be successful.
You want to be rich.
You have to work hard.
You have to be better than everybody else.
Do you have to go to college to become a lawyer?
Yes, I have to go to college to become a lawyer.
Where do you have to go to become a lawyer?
I have to go to college to become a lawyer.
Where do you have to go to become a lawyer?
Does it take 1 year to become a lawyer?
No, it doesn't take one year to become a lawyer.
Does it take 3 years to become a lawyer?
No, it doesn't take 3 years to become a lawyer.
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
It takes 5 years to become a lawyer.
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
How long does it take to become a lawyer?
It takes 5 years to become a lawyer.
Can you work as a lawyer if you don't have a college degree?
No, I can't work as a lawyer if I don't have a college degree.
Do you have a lot of job opportunities after you graduate from college?
Yes, you have a lot of job opportunities after you graduate from college.
Is it pleasant to flunk out of college?
No, it's not pleasant to flunk out of college.
Do students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college?
Yes, students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
Students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
How do students usually feel when they flunk out of college?
Students usually get nervous when they flunk out of college.
Do you think this teacher likes Jack?
No, I think this teacher doesn't like Jack.
Do you think Jack studies hard?
No, I think Jack doesn't study hard.
Do you think this teacher wants to give him a good grade?
No, I think this teacher doesn't want to give him a good grade.
Do you think she wants to give him a bad grade?
Yes, I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
What grade do you think she wants to give him?
I think she wants to give him a bad grade.
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
She wants to give him a bad grade because he doesn't study hard.
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
Why does she want to give him a bad grade?
She wants to give him a bad grade because he doesn't study hard.
Does he have a good chance of flunking out of college if he only gets bad grades?
Yes, he has a good chance of flunking out of college if he only gets bad grades.
Is there any broken glass on the floor?
No, there isn't any broken glass on the floor.
Do you like to walk on the broken glass?
No, I don't like to walk on the broken glass.
Is it good for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
No, it's not good for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Is it very bad for your shoes to walk on the broken glass?
Yes, it's very bad for my shoes to walk on the broken glass.
Are you a college graduate?
Yes, I'm a college graduate.
Do you have a little work experience ?
No, I don't have a little work experience.
Do you have a lot of work experience?
Yes, I have a lot of work experience.
How much work experience do you have?
I have a lot of work experience.
Do you think you have a lot of job opportunities in this place?
No, I don't think I have a lot of job opportunities in this place.
Do you think this is a dead -end job?
Yes, I think this is a dead -end job.
What's a dead -end job?
A dead -end job is a job without any opportunities.
If you think you have a dead -end job, is it better to look for another job?
Yes, if I think I have a dead -end job, it's better to look for another job.
What is it better for you to do if you have a dead -end job?
If I have a dead -end job, it's better for me to look for another job.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without a college degree.
Do you have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience?
No, I don't have a good chance of finding a well-paid job without much work experience.
So, the two things you need to find a well-paid job are:
College degree.
And much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
What are the two things you need to have to find a well-paid job?
The two things I need to have to find a well-paid job are: college degree and much work experience.
Do you rent an apartment?
Yes, I rent an apartment .
Do you earn enough money to pay your rent?
Yes, I earn enough money to pay my rent.
Do you hope your rent goes up in two months?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up in two months.
If your apartment becomes too expensive for you, is it a good idea to find another place to live?
Yes, if my apartment becomes too expensive for me, it's a good idea to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
What do you have to do if your apartment becomes too expensive for you?
If my apartment becomes too expensive for me, I have to find another place to live.
Do you have an MBA?
No, I don't have an MBA.
Do you want to get an MBA?
Yes, I want to get an MBA.
Is an MBA a business degree?
Yes, an MBA is a business degree.
What kind of degree is an MBA?
An MBA is a business degree.
What kind of degree is an MBA
Can you get an MBA in college?
No, I can't get an MBA in college.
Do you know what MBA stands for?
Yes, I know what MBA stands for.
Does MBA stand for Money Buys All?
No, MBA doesn't stand for Money Buys All.
Does MBA stand for Master of Business Administration?
Yes, MBA stands for Master of Business Administration.
What does MBA stand for?
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration .
What does MBA stand for?
What does MBA stand for?
MBA stands for Master of Business Administration.
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
Does it make you feel good when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
Does it make you feel bad when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Yes, it makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
It makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Is it good for your grade if you get late for an exam?
No, it's not good for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Is it bad for your grade if you get late for an exam?
Yes, It's bad for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Do you have to pass all your exams if you want to stay in college?
Yes, I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
What do you have to do if you want to stay in college?
I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
If you fail too many exams, do you have a good chance of flunking out of college?
Yes, if I fail too many exams, I have a good chance of flunking out of college.
Do you think Josh is thinking about passing his exam?
No, I don't think josh is thinking about passing his exam.
Do you think josh wants to flunk out of college?
Yes, I think Josh wants to flunk out of college.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, does he have to pass all his exams?
No, if Josh wants to flunk out of college, he doesn't have to pass all his exams.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, Does he have to fail most of his exams?
Yes, if Josh wants to flunk out of college he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
Do you want to graduate from college with good grades, or with bad grades?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
Do you have a better chance of finding a well paid job if you graduate with good grades?
Yes, I have a better chance of finding a well paid job if I graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
USA stands for United States of America.
UK stands for United Kingdom.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
Do you know what USA stands for?
Do you know what USA stands for?
Yes, I know what USA stands for.
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
What does USA stand for?
What does USA stand for?
USA stands for United States of America.
Do you know what UK stands for?
Yes, I know what UK stands for.
Do you know what UK stands for?
What does UK stand for?
UK stands for United Kingdom.
What does UK stand for?
Are you drinking beer at a restaurant now?
No, I'm not drinking beer at a restaurant now.
Are you taking an exam now?
Yes, I'm taking an exam now.
What are you taking now?
I'm taking an exam now.
Are you nervous?
Yes, I'm nervous.
Why?
Because I'm taking an exam.
Are you usually nervous before You enter the exam room?
Yes, I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
I'm usually nervous before I enter the exam room.
How do you usually feel before you enter the exam room?
Do you usually enter the exam room unprepared?
No, I don't usually enter the exam room unprepared.
Do you usually enter the exam room prepared?
Yes, I usually enter the exam room prepared.
Does it mean you usually prepare well for the exam?
Yes, it means I usually prepare well for the exam.
Is it important to prepare well for the exam if you want to pass it?
Yes, it's important to prepare well for the exam if I want to pass it.
Is it important to hang out with your friends before the exam if you want to pass it?
No it's not important to hang out with my friends before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
It's important to prepare well before the exam if I want to pass it.
What is it important to do before the exam if you want to pass it?
If you come to the exam unprepared, do you probably fail it?
Yes, if I come to the exam unprepared I probably fail it.
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
When do students usually fail exams?
When do students usually fail exams?
Students usually fail exams when they come unprepared.
Do students usually get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared?
No, students usually don't get a good grade if they take an exam unprepared.
Do students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared?
Yes, students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Students usually get a bad grade if they take an exam unprepared.
What grade do students usually get if they take an exam unprepared?
Can you prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes?
No, I can't prepare for a very difficult exam in 5 minutes.
Does it take a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Yes, it takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
It usually takes a lot of time to prepare for a very difficult exam.
How long does it usually take to prepare for a very difficult exam?
Is this your car?
Yes, this is my car.
Is it a new car, or a used car?
It's a used car.
Is it out of gas?
No, it's not out of gas.
Is it broken?
Yes, it's broken.
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
What's wrong with your car?
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
Can you drive a car if it's broken?
No, I can't drive my car if it's broken.
If you want to drive it, do you have to fix it first?
Yes, if I want to drive it, I have to fix it first.
Or buy a normal car.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
If I want to drive a broken car, I have to fix it first.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
Do you prefer to drive a new car, or a used car?
I prefer to drive a new car.
I need to fill up on gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there isn't a gas station nearby.
Do you know why I need a gas station?
Yes, I know why you need a gas station.
Do I need a gas station because my car is low on gas?
Yes, you need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
Why do I need a gas station?
You need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for cheap gas?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas.
Why?
Because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Why do you always look for cheap gas when you need to fill up your car?
When I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas because I don't have money for expensive gas.
At first
To throw
Birthday
A party
To throw a birthday party
To help
To ask someone out
She is asking him out
To have a good time
Art
An art gallery
Fine
I'm fine
I guess
I guess you're right
Ready
I'm ready to go to the art gallery with you.
The only
It's the only place he wants to go with her.
Hey, Michael.
Do you have a minute?
Not really.
I'm getting late for my web design class.
I really don't want to miss it.
Is everything alright?
Yeah, I'm just...
Going to Sting concert soon
I have a spare ticket...
Do you want to go with me?
Go to the concert with you?
Why not?
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
When are we going?
Tomorrow at 6PM.
Oh no! Tomorrow is Thursday!
No, I can't go with you tomorrow.
I'm working on a very important project.
And tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
That's right. Good thinking.
That's too bad.
Well, do you want to go to the movies on Sunday together?
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
Where is Amy going soon?
Amy is going to Sting concert soon.
Does she only have one ticket?
No, she doesn't only have one ticket.
Does she have a spare ticket?
Yes, she has a spare ticket.
How many spare tickets does she have?
She has one spare ticket.
Does she want to invite anyone to the concert?
Yes, she wants to invite someone to the concert.
Who does she want to invite to the concert?
She wants to invite Michael to the concert.
Who does she want to invite to the concert?
Who does she want to invite to the concert?
She wants to invite Michael to the concert.
Why?
Because she likes him.
Why does she want to invite Michael to the concert?
She wants to invite Michael to the concert because she likes him.
Does Michael agree to go with her at first?
Yes, Michael agrees to go with her at first.
Does he then try to find a way to refuse her?
Yes, then he tries to find a way to refuse her.
Does he say he is taking a very important exam on Thursday?
Yes, he says he is taking a very important exam on Thursday.
Is he really taking an exam on Thursday, or is it just a way to refuse her?
It's just a way to refuse her.
Is he really taking an exam on Thursday, or is it just a way to refuse her?
It's just a way to refuse her.
Does she invite him anywhere else after he says he is taking a very important exam on Thursday?
Yes, she invites him somewhere else
after he says he is taking a very important exam on Thursday.
Where does she invite him after he says he is taking an exam on Thursday?
She invites him to the movies after he says he is taking an exam on Thursday.
And now.
That's too bad.
Well, do you want to go to the movies on Sunday together?
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
Michael thinks for a moment and comes up with this.
No, I don't...
But my sister is... throwing a birthday party.
I have to help her cook.
So, he has a sister.
At least, he says so.
And his sister.
Is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
Does he say he has a sister?
Yes, he says he has a sister.
Does he say his mother is throwing a birthday party?
No, he doesn't say his mother is throwing a birthday party.
Does he say his brother is throwing a birthday party?
No, he doesn't say his brother is throwing a birthday party.
Does he say his sister is throwing a birthday party?
Yes, he says his sister is throwing a birthday party.
Does he say she is throwing a birthday party on Sunday?
Yes, he says she is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
What does he say she is throwing on Sunday?
He says she is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
When does he say she is throwing a birthday party?
He says she is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
When does he say she is throwing a birthday party?
Do you think his sister is really throwing a birthday party, or is it just another way for Michael to refuse her?
I think it's just another way for Michael to refuse her.
Why do you think he says his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday?
I think he says his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday because he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
Why do you think he says his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday?
I think he says his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday because he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
He says that he isn't taking any exams on Sundays.
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
No, I don't...
And then he says.
That his "sister".
Which he probably doesn't have.
Is throwing a birthday party.
But my sister is... throwing a birthday party.
And I have to help her cook.
He has to help his sister cook.
He is such a good and caring brother
Isn't he?
Does he say he has to help his sister cook?
Yes, he says he has to help his sister cook.
What does he say he has to help his sister do?
He says he has to help his sister cook.
When does he have to help his sister cook?
He has to help his sister cook on Sunday.
Why does he have to help her cook?
He has to help her cook because she is throwing a birthday party.
Why does he have to help her cook?
Why does he have to help her cook?
He has to help her cook because she is throwing a birthday party.
Do you think he really has to help her cook?
No, I don't think he really has to help her cook.
Do you think he really has to help her cook, or is he trying to find a way to refuse Amy?
I think he is trying to find a way to refuse Amy.
Why do you think he says he has to help his sister cook?
I think he says he has to help his sister cook because he is trying to find a way to refuse Amy.
Just listen to him.
But my sister is... throwing a birthday party.
And I have to help her cook.
How could such honest eyes lie.
Well, Amy has to take his word for it
But she just won't give up.
She is not giving up asking Michael out.
All right.
How about next week?
We can go somewhere nice and have a good time together.
Instead of giving up asking him out.
She is inviting him to go somewhere nice.
And have a good time together.
We can go somewhere nice and have a good time together.
Does she want to go somewhere terrible with Michael?
No, she doesn't want to go somewhere terrible with Michael.
Does she want to go somewhere nice with Michael?
Yes, she wants to go somewhere nice with Micheal.
Where does she want to go with Michael?
She wants to go somewhere nice with Michael.
When does she want to go somewhere nice with Michael?
She wants to go somewhere nice with Michael next week.
Does she know exactly where she wants to go with Michael?
No, she doesn't know exactly where she wants to go with Michael.
No she doesn't.
All she knows.
It has to be some nice place...
And with Michael.
Because she wants to have a good time with him.
Sometime next week.
We can go somewhere nice and have a good time together.
Who does she want to go somewhere nice with?
She wants to go somewhere nice with Michael.
Why does she want to go somewhere nice with Michael next week?
She wants to go somewhere nice with Michael next week to have a good time with him.
She is trying to find a way to ask him out?
And he is trying to find a way to refuse her.
Is she trying to find a way to ask him out?
Yes, she is trying to find a way to ask him out.
What is she trying to find?
She is trying to find a way to ask him out.
And what is he trying to do?
He is trying to find a way to refuse her.
Why is she inviting him somewhere nice to have a good time with her?
She is inviting him somewhere nice to have a good time with her because she likes him.
Why is she inviting him somewhere nice to have a good time with her?
She is inviting him somewhere nice to have a good time with her because she likes him.
He doesn't like her.
He is trying to find a way to refuse her.
She likes him.
She is asking him out.
"All right, how about next week?
We can go somewhere nice and have a good time together.
He doesn't know what to say.
Next week is fine...
I guess.
We can go to... the art gallery.
He says.
he isn't really busy next week.
He says they can go somewhere together next week.
Next week is fine for him.
Next week is fine.
The phrase "I guess"
Means "I think".
Next week is fine... I guess.
Means.
Next week is fine, I think.
He isn't sure.
He thinks.
That maybe next week is fine.
Next week is fine... I guess.
Is he busy next week?
No, he isn't busy next week.
Is next week fine for him?
Yes, next week is fine for him.
Does he know that exactly, or does he think that next week is fine?
He thinks next week is fine.
Does the phrase "I guess" mean "I'm sure"?
No, the phrase "I guess" doesn't mean "I'm sure".
Does the phrase "I guess" mean "I think"?
Yes the phrase "I guess" means "I think".
What does the phrase "I guess" mean?
The phrase "I guess" means "I think".
What does he think about next week?
He thinks that maybe next week is fine.
What does he think about next week?
He thinks that maybe next week is fine.
Does he say next week is fine because he just can't find another way to refuse her?
Yes, he says next week is fine because he just can't find another way to refuse her.
Why does he say next week is fine?
He says next week is fine because he just can't find another way to refuse her.
Why does he say next week is fine?
He says next week is fine because he just can't find another way to refuse her.
He is trying hard.
But he can't.
Next week is fine... I guess.
We can go to... the art gallery.
Probably the art gallery is the only place.
He is ready to go with the Amy.
Is he ready to go anywhere with Amy?
Yes, he is ready to go somewhere with Amy.
Is he ready to go to the movies with her?
No, he isn't ready to go to the movies with her.
Is he ready to go to Sting concert with her?
No, he isn't ready to go to Sting concert with her.
Is he ready to go to the art gallery with her?
Yes, he is ready to go to the art gallery with her.
Where is he ready to go with her?
He is ready to go to the art gallery with her.
Where is he ready to go with her?
Is it the only place he is ready to go with her?
Yes, it's the only place he is ready to go with her.
What is the only place he is ready to go with her?
The only place he is ready to go with her is the art gallery.
What is the only place he is ready to go with her?
What is the only place he is ready to go with her?
The only place he is ready to go with her is the art gallery.
----‐------------------------------------------------------