Is cheap gas the same quality as expensive gas?
No, cheap gas isn't the same quality as expensive gas.
Is cheap gas different quality from expensive gas?
Yes, cheap gas is different quality from expensive gas.
Is cheap gas usually high quality?
No, cheap gas isn't usually high quality.
Is cheap gas usually low quality?
Yes, cheap gas is usually low quality.
What quality is cheap gas?
Cheap gas is usually low quality.
If gas is expensive, does it always mean it's high quality?
No, if gas is expensive, it doesn't always mean it's high quality.
It usually means good marketing
Does your car often break down?
Yes, my car often breaks down.
Does your car break down once a month?
No, my car doesn't break down once a month.
Does your car break down once every 3 months?
Yes, my car breaks down once every 3 months.
How often does your car break down?
My car breaks down once every 3 months.
Can you predict when your car can break down next time?
No, I can't predict when my car can break down next time.
Do you know how to fix your car when it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car when it breaks down.
When your car breaks down, do you call for a tow truck?
Yes, when my car breaks down, I call for a tow truck.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
I call for a tow truck when my car breaks down.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
Does a tow truck take your car to the garage to fix it?
Yes, a tow truck takes my car to the garage to fix it.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
A tow truck takes my car to the garage when it breaks down.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
Is that a tow trick?
Yes, that's a tow truck.
Where is it taking your car?
It's taking my car to the garage.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Does a tow truck take a car to the garage for free?
No, a tow truck doesn't take a car to the garage for free.
Does it cost a little to tow your car to the garage?
No, it doesn't cost a little to tow my car to the garage.
Does it cost a lot to tow your car to the garage?
Yes, it costs a lot to tow my car to the garage.
Unless you have an insurance policy for cases like that.
If your car often breaks down, does it mean the car is high quality, or low quality?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
Does it make you feel good when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
Does it make you feel bad when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Yes, it makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
It makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Is it good for your grade if you get late for an exam?
No, it's not good for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Is it bad for your grade if you get late for an exam?
Yes, It's bad for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Do you have to pass all your exams if you want to stay in college?
Yes, I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
What do you have to do if you want to stay in college?
I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
If you fail too many exams, do you have a good chance of flunking out of college?
Yes, if I fail too many exams, I have a good chance of flunking out of college.
Do you think Josh is thinking about passing his exam?
No, I don't think josh is thinking about passing his exam.
Do you think josh wants to flunk out of college?
Yes, I think Josh wants to flunk out of college.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, does he have to pass all his exams?
No, if Josh wants to flunk out of college, he doesn't have to pass all his exams.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, Does he have to fail most of his exams?
Yes, if Josh wants to flunk out of college he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
Do you want to graduate from college with good grades, or with bad grades?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
Do you have a better chance of finding a well paid job if you graduate with good grades?
Yes, I have a better chance of finding a well paid job if I graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you need a trunk in a car?
Yes, I need a trunk in a car.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
Do you keep anything in your trunk?
Yes, I keep something in my trunk.
Do you sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't sleep in the trunk.
Is there room for a spare tire in your trunk?
No, there isn't room for a spare tire in my trunk.
Does it mean your trunk is too small, or big enough for a spare tire?
It means my trunk is too small for a spare tire.
What does it mean if there is no room for a spare tire in your trunk?
If there is no room for a spare tire in my trunk, it means my trunk is too small.
Do you sometimes get a flat tire?
Yes, I sometimes get a flat tire.
Is it pleasant to get a flat tire?
No, it's not pleasant to get a flat tire.
Is it unpleasant to get a flat tire?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
How is it to get a flat tire?
It's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Yes, I know how to change a flat tire.
Do you have to call for a tow truck if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Yes, I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
MBA is a very desirable degree.
Which means a lot of people want to get it.
But it's very expensive and difficult to get.
Is it cheap to get a quality MBA?
No, it's not cheap to get a quality MBA.
Does it cost a lot of get a quality MBA?
Yes, it costs a lot to get a quality MBA.
Do you have to go to a business school to get an MBA?
Yes, I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Do you have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA?
No, I don't have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
Do you have to study hard there?
Yes, I have to study hard there.
If you don't study hard at a business school, do they kick you out?
Yes, if I don't study hard at a business school, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Entering an MBA program and paying your tuition.
Is not enough.
Study hard.
Or get kicked out.
Do you want to start a business?
Yes, I want to start a business.
Do you want to start a business tomorrow?
No, I don't want to start a business tomorrow.
You don't go into business like that.
You have to be prepared.
It might take years.
Do you want to start a business in several years?
Yes, I want to start a business in several years.
Do you have to be well prepared before you start a business?
Yes, I have to be well prepared before I start a business.
Is it a good idea to start a business if you are unprepared?
No, it's not a good idea to start a business if I'm unprepared.
Can it take several years to prepare to start a business?
Yes, it can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
It can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
Do you work here?
Yes, I work here.
Do you hang out here?
No, I don't hang out here.
What do you do here?
I work here.
Do you have any clients here now?
No, I don't have any clients here now.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
No, I don't have a lot of clients lately.
Does it mean the business is going fine?
No, it doesn't mean the business is going fine.
Does it mean the business is going badly?
Yes, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
If I don't have a lot of clients, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
Do you have a lot of time to rest when you don't have many clients?
Yes, I have a lot of time to rest when I don't have many clients.
Do people come to your bar when they run out of bread?
No, people don't come to my bar when they run out of bread.
Do people come to your bar when they want to have a beer?
Yes, people come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
When do people come to your bar?
People come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
Having very few clients is bad for you.
You can't stay in business for long if you don't have enough clients.
Is having a few clients good for your business?
No, having a few clients isn't good for my business.
Is having a few clients bad for your business?
Yes, having a few clients is bad for my business.
How is it to have a few clients?
It's bad for my business to have a few clients.
Can you stay in business for long if you don't have any clients?
No, I can't stay in business for long if I don't have any clients.
You want to stay in business.
You need some clients to bring some cash.
Otherwise.
You go out of business.
Do you have to go out of business if you don't have enough clients?
Yes, I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
What do you have to do if you don't have enough clients?
I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
Come on...
So boring
So interesting
Cool
I want to go to some cool place to hang out.
Baseball
How about?
How about a beer after work?
Opera
Ballet
Why don't we...
Why don't we go to the opera?
Hey, Michael, do you have a minute?
Not really.
I'm getting late for my web design. class.
I really don't want to miss it.
Is everything all right?
Yeah.
I'm just...
Going to sting concert soon.
I have a spare ticket...
Do you want to go with me?
Go to the concert with you?
Hmm... why not?
What a heck are you doing, Michael?
When are we going?
Tomorrow at 6 PM.
Oh no!
Tomorrow is Thursday!
No... I can't go with you tomorrow.
I'm working on a very important project.
And tomorrow at 6 PM I'm taking an exam.
That's right. Good thinking.
That's too bad.
Well, do you want to go to the movies on Sunday together?
I'm sure you don't have to take any exams on Sunday.
No, I don't...
But my sister is... throwing a birthday party.
And I have to help her cook.
All right, how about next week?
We can go somewhere nice
and have a good time together.
Next week is fine...
I guess.
We can go to...
The art gallery.
Is Michael saying he is getting late for work?
No, Michael isn't saying he is getting late for work.
What is he getting late for?
He is getting late for his web design class.
Is Amy going to Sting concert soon?
Yes, Amy is going to Sting concert soon.
Does she have any spare tickets?
Yes she has a spare ticket.
How many spare tickets does she have?
She has one spare ticket.
Who does she want to go with her?
She wants Michael to go with her.
Does Michael agree to go with her at first?
Yes, Michael agrees to go with her at first.
Does he then try to find a way to refuse her?
Yes, then he tries to find a way to refuse her.
What does the phrase "What a heck" mean?
The phrase "what a heck" means "what".
Does he agree to go to the movies with her on Sunday?
No, he doesn't agree to go to the movies with her on Sunday.
Is that because he is taking a very important exam on Sunday?
No, that's not because he is taking a very important exam on Sunday.
He says he is taking a very important exam on Thursday.
On sunday.
He says.
His sister is throwing a birthday. party.
and he has to help her cook.
Does he say he has a sister?
Yes, he says he has a sister.
What is his sister throwing on Sunday?
His sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
What kind of party is his sister throwing on Sunday?
His sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
What does he have to help her do?
He has to help her cook.
Does Amy invite him somewhere nice next week?
Yes, Amy invites him somewhere nice next week.
What does the phrase "I guess" mean?
The phrase "I guess" means "I think".
Is the art gallery the only place he is ready to go with her?
Yes, the art gallery is the only place he is ready to go with her.
What is the only place he is ready to go with her?
The art gallery is the only place he is ready to go with her.
Do you think he knows that she doesn't like art?
Yes, I think he knows that she doesn't like art.
Does he want her to refuse to go to the art gallery with him?
Yes, he wants her to refuse to go to the art gallery with him.
Why does he invite her to the art gallery?
He invites her to the art gallery because he knows she doesn't like art and he wants her to refuse to go.
Why does he invite her to the art gallery?
He invites her to the art gallery because he knows she doesn't like art and he wants her to refuse to go.
Now let's see what Amy has to say about this.
We can go to... the art gallery
Come on, Michael!
Those galleries are so boring!
Uh-oh.
She doesn't want to go to the gallery with Michael.
Because they are so boring.
Come on, Michael!
Those galleries are so boring!
Does she like to go to the art galleries?
No, she doesn't like to go to the art galleries.
What do you see when you go to the art gallery?
You, see different art when you go to the art gallery.
What do you see when you go to the art gallery?
You see different art when you go to the art gallery.
Does she like art?
No, she doesn't like art.
What makes you think so?
I think so because she says that those galleries are boring.
What makes you think she doesn't like art?
I think she doesn't like art because she says those galleries are boring.
Does she say that art galleries are so interesting?
No, she doesn't say that art galleries are so interesting.
What does she think of the art galleries?
She thinks the art galleries are boring.
She thinks the art galleries are boring because she doesn't like the art.
She wants Michael to think of something else.
Come on, Michael!
Those galleries are so boring!
Can we go somewhere else?
You know, some "cool" place to hang out?
She is asking Michael to think of another place.
She wants to go to some cool place.
To some exciting place.
To hang out together.
Can we go somewhere else?
You know, some "cool" place to hang out.
Does she agree to go to the art gallery with Michael?
No, she doesn't agree to go to the art gallery with Michael.
Why not?
Because the art galleries are so boring for her.
Why does she not agree to go to the art gallery with Michael?
She doesn't agree to go to the art gallery with Michael because the art galleries are so boring for her.
Does she want to hang out at some boring place with Michael?
No, she doesn't want to hang out at some boring place with Michael.
Does she want to hang out at some cool place with Michael?
Yes, she wants to hang out at some cool place with Michael.
Where does she want to hang out with Michael?
She wants to hang out at some cool place with Michael.
Who does she want to hang out at some cool place with?
She wants to hang out at some cool place with Michael.
Who does she want to hang out at some cool place with?
Who does she want to hang out at some cool place with?
She wants to hang out at some cool place with Michael.
Does she think the art gallery is a cool place to hang out?
No, she doesn't think the art gallery is a cool place to hang out.
She thinks those art galleries are very boring.
Come on, Michael!
Those galleries are so boring!
and she is asking him to come up with another idea.
Some "cool" place to hang out
Can we go somewhere else?
You know, some "cool" place to hang out?
And then she thinks.
I hope you know what "cool" means.
Now she is not sure he knows what cool means.
If his definition of cool is the art gallery.
I hope you know what "cool" means.
Does she hope he knows what "cool" means?
Yes, she hopes he knows what "cool" means.
What does she hope he knows?
She hopes he knows what "cool" means.
What does she hope he knows?
She hopes he knows what "cool" means.
Hey, do you know what "cool" means?
Yes, I know what "cool" means.
Does it mean "very boring"?
No, it doesn't mean very boring.
Does it mean "very interesting"?
Yes, it means very interesting.
What does "cool" mean?
Cool means very interesting.
After he suggested they go to the art gallery.
She lost it.
And asked to go to some other "cool" place to hang out.
Can we go somewhere else?
You know, some "cool" place to hang out?
And thought to herself.
I hope you know what "cool" means.
But Michael doesn't want to go to. some cool place with her.
He doesn't want to hang out with her.
So, he thought,
She is a girl,
Probably she is not into baseball.
OK, how about a baseball game?
Next Tuesday the Yankees are playing the Dodgers.
Let me break it down for you.
The yankees.
And the Dodgers.
Are baseball teams.
New york yankees.
And Los Angeles Dodgers.
These two teams.
Newyork Yankees.
And Los Angeles Dodgers.
Are playing next Tuesday.
Do you play baseball alone?
No, you don't play baseball alone.
Is baseball a team game?
Yes, baseball is a team game.
What kind of game is baseball?
Baseball is a team game.
Are the Yankees a football team?
No, the Yankees aren't a football team.
Are the Yankees a soccer team?
No, the Yankees aren't a soccer team.
What kind of team are the yankees?
The Yankees are a baseball team.
What about the Dodgers, what kind of team are the Dodgers?
The Dodgers are a baseball team.
These are two baseball teams.
One from Newyork.
Newyork Yankees.
One from LA.
Los Angeles Dodgers.
Next Tuesday.
The Yankees are playing the Dodgers.
Michael is inviting her to the baseball game.
Next Tuesday.
Knowing that she will most probably refuse.
He wants her to refuse.
Ok, how about a baseball game.
Next Tuesday the Yankees are playing the Dodgers.
Are the Yankees playing the Dodgers tomorrow?
No, the Yankees aren't playing the Dodgers tomorrow.
Are the Yankees playing the Dodgers next Saturday?
No, the Yankees aren't playing the Dodgers next Saturday.
When are the Yankees playing the Dodgers?
The Yankees are playing the Dodgers next Tuesday.
Does Michael want to see that game?
Yes, Michael wants to see that game.
Does he really want Amy to agree to go with him?
No, he doesn't really want Amy to agree to go With him.
Does he want Amy to refuse to go with him?
Yes, he wants Amy to refuse to go with him.
Why does he invite her to the baseball game?
He invites her to the baseball game because Amy doesn't like baseball and he wants her to refuse to go with him.
Why does he invite her to the baseball game?
He invites her to the baseball game because Amy doesn't like baseball and he wants her to refuse to go with him.
He knows she doesn't like baseball.
That's why he is offering her to go to the baseball game.
Next Tuesday.
Because the Yankees are playing the Dodgers.
Ok, how about a baseball game?
Next Tuesday the Yankees are playing the Dodgers.
But Amy doesn't really seem to care
She hates baseball.
I hate baseball.
This is just not my game...
Does she love baseball?
No, she doesn't love baseball.
Does she hate baseball?
Yes, she hates baseball.
How does she feel about baseball?
She hates baseball.
How does she feel about baseball?
Does she really want to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers?
No, she doesn't really want to see. the Yankees playing the Dodgers
Why not?
Because she hates baseball.
She hates it.
I hate baseball!
This is just not my game.
Is baseball her game?
No, baseball isn't her game.
What game does she hate?
She hates baseball.
Does she agree to see the yankees playing the Dodgers?
No, she doesn't agree to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers.
Does she refuse to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers?
Yes, she refuses to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers.
Does she refuse to see the game because She hates Michael?
No, she doesn't refuse to see the game because she hates Michael.
Does she refuse to see the game because she hates baseball?
Yes, she refuses to see the game because she hates baseball.
Why does she refuse to see the game?
She refuses to see the game because she hates baseball.
She hates baseball.
It's not her game.
I hate baseball!
This is just not my game
and then she gets an idea.
I have an idea.
Why don't we go to the opera
Opera...
Now she wants to go to the opera with Michael.
Now she is inviting him to the opera.
Is she inviting Micheal to the ballet?
No, she isn't inviting Michael to the ballet.
Is she inviting Michael to the opera?
Yes, she is inviting Michael to the opera.
Where is she inviting Michael?
She is inviting Michael to the opera.
Does she think opera is cool, or boring?
She thinks opera is cool.
How does she feel about opera?
She thinks opera is cool.
How does she feel about opera?
She thinks opera is cool.
She thinks it's cool.
She thinks baseball is a boring POS.
But opera is cool.
Hmm... Go figure.
That was the last straw for Michael.
He has another idea.
Opera...
I have another idea!
Just go to your opera alone.
I'm going to the baseball game.
So.
He wants her to go to the opera alone.
Because he is going to the baseball game next Tuesday.
He doesn't want to see the opera?
He wants to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers.
I have another idea!
Just go to your opera alone.
I'm going to the baseball game.
Does he want her to go to the opera alone?
Yes, he wants her to go to the opera alone.
Is he going to the opera with her?
No, he isn't going to the opera with her.
Why not?
Because he doesn't like opera.
Why isn't he going to the opera with her?
He isn't going to the opera with her because he doesn't like opera
Where is he going.
He is going to the baseball game
Does he want to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers?
Yes, he wants to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers.
What does he want to see?
He wants to see the Yankees playing the Dodgers.
That's a kind of a way to refuse her.
He is going to the baseball game.
She is going to the opera...
Alone.
I have another idea!
Just go to your opera alone.
I'm going to the baseball game.
But that's not the end of the story.
Stay tuned for more.
----‐------------------------------------------------------
