Do you like your car?
No, I don't like my car.
Do you want to buy a different car?
Yes, I want to buy a different car.
Is your car the same as mine?
No, my car isn't the same as yours.
Is your car different from mine?
Yes, my car is different from yours.
Which car do you think is better, mine, or yours?
I think your car is better.
You know as they say.
It always seems like the grass is greener.
On the other side of the fence.
Do you always wear a seat belt when you drive a car?
Yes, I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
I always wear a seat belt when I drive a car.
What do you always wear when you drive a car?
When your car is running out of gas, does it mean you have to go to the gas station to fill it up?
Yes, when my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
When my car is running out of gas, it means I have to go to the gas station to fill it up.
What does it mean when your car is running out of gas?
Can you always predict when your car can run out of gas?
Yes, I can always predict when my car can run out of gas.
Of course you can.
There is a fuel indicator.
Sherlock .
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for a cheap gas station?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for a cheap gas station.
Do you have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station?
Yes, I have to pay a lot of money for gas at an expensive gas station.
Do you have a dead -end job?
Yes, I have a dead -end job.
Does it mean you have to find a different job?
Yes, it means I have to find a different job.
Are you a Harvard graduate?
No, I'm not a Harvard graduate.
Is it difficult for you to find a well paid job?
Yes, it's difficult for me to find a well paid job.
Do you have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job?
Yes, I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
I have to have a lot of work experience to find a well paid job.
What do you have to have to find a well paid job?
Do you often take a train?
No, I don't often take a train.
Do you wear a seat belt on the train?
No, I don't wear a seat belt on the train.
Are there any seat belts on the train?
Yes, there are seat belts on the train.
Is this your car?
Yes, this is my car.
Is it a new car, or a used car?
It's a used car.
Is it out of gas?
No, it's not out of gas.
Is it broken?
Yes, it's broken.
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
What's wrong with your car?
What's wrong with your car?
My car is broken.
Can you drive a car if it's broken?
No, I can't drive my car if it's broken.
If you want to drive it, do you have to fix it first?
Yes, if I want to drive it, I have to fix it first.
Or buy a normal car.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
If I want to drive a broken car, I have to fix it first.
What do you have to do if you want to drive a broken car?
Do you prefer to drive a new car, or a used car?
I prefer to drive a new car.
I need to fill up on gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there isn't a gas station nearby.
Do you know why I need a gas station?
Yes, I know why you need a gas station.
Do I need a gas station because my car is low on gas?
Yes, you need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
Why do I need a gas station?
You need a gas station because your car is low on gas.
When you need to fill up your car, do you always look for cheap gas?
Yes, when I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas.
Why?
Because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Why do you always look for cheap gas when you need to fill up your car?
When I need to fill up my car, I always look for cheap gas because I don't have money for expensive gas.
Does it make you feel good when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
No, it doesn't make me feel good when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
Does it make you feel bad when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Yes, it makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
It makes me feel bad when I prepare hard for the exam, but they give me a bad grade.
How does it make you feel when you prepare hard for the exam, but they give you a bad grade?
Is it good for your grade if you get late for an exam?
No, it's not good for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Is it bad for your grade if you get late for an exam?
Yes, It's bad for my grade if I get late for an exam.
Do you have to pass all your exams if you want to stay in college?
Yes, I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
What do you have to do if you want to stay in college?
I have to pass all my exams if I want to stay in college.
If you fail too many exams, do you have a good chance of flunking out of college?
Yes, if I fail too many exams, I have a good chance of flunking out of college.
Do you think Josh is thinking about passing his exam?
No, I don't think josh is thinking about passing his exam.
Do you think josh wants to flunk out of college?
Yes, I think Josh wants to flunk out of college.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, does he have to pass all his exams?
No, if Josh wants to flunk out of college, he doesn't have to pass all his exams.
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, Does he have to fail most of his exams?
Yes, if Josh wants to flunk out of college he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
What does Josh have to do if he wants to flunk out of college?
If Josh wants to flunk out of college, he has to fail most of his exams.
Do you want to graduate from college with good grades, or with bad grades?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
I want to graduate from college with good grades.
What grades do you want to graduate from college with?
Do you have a better chance of finding a well paid job if you graduate with good grades?
Yes, I have a better chance of finding a well paid job if I graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
What do you have to do if you want to find a well paid job after graduation?
If I want to find a well paid job after graduation, I have to graduate with good grades.
Bill is unlucky.
He ran out of gas.
In the middle of nowhere.
He is out of gas.
Are you driving?
No, I'm not driving.
Why not?
Because I'm out of gas.
Why aren't you driving?
I'm not driving because I'm out of gas.
Is there any snow here?
Yes, there is a lot of snow here.
Does your car run on snow?
No, my car doesn't run on snow.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Do you need to go to the charging station to charge your car?
No, I don't need to go to the charging station to charge my car.
Why not?
Because it's not an electric car.
Do electric cars need gas to run?
No, electric cars don't need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
Electric cars need gas to run.
What do electric cars need to run?
What about your car, what does your car need to run?
My car needs gas to run.
Do you need to go to the gas station to fill up your car with gas?
Yes, I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Where do you need to go and why?
I need to go to the gas station to fill up my car with gas.
Is there a gas station nearby?
No, there is no gas station nearby.
Can you fill up your car at a gas station if you're out of money?
No, I can't fill up my car at a gas station if I'm out of money.
What do you need to have if you want to fill up your car at a gas station?
If I want to fill up my car at a gas station, I need to have money.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a good idea to fill up your car with snow?
No, if I don't have money for gas, it's not a good idea to fill up my car with snow.
If you don't have money for gas, is it a terrible idea to fill up your car with snow?
Yes, if I don't have money for gas, it's a terrible idea to fill up my car with snow.
It's the stupidest thing you cloud do.
Paying for a tow truck would be the cheapest.
And probably the only viable solution here.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you need a trunk in a car?
Yes, I need a trunk in a car.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
Do you keep anything in your trunk?
Yes, I keep something in my trunk.
Do you sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't sleep in the trunk.
Is there room for a spare tire in your trunk?
No, there isn't room for a spare tire in my trunk.
Does it mean your trunk is too small, or big enough for a spare tire?
It means my trunk is too small for a spare tire.
What does it mean if there is no room for a spare tire in your trunk?
If there is no room for a spare tire in my trunk, it means my trunk is too small.
Do you sometimes get a flat tire?
Yes, I sometimes get a flat tire.
Is it pleasant to get a flat tire?
No, it's not pleasant to get a flat tire.
Is it unpleasant to get a flat tire?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
How is it to get a flat tire?
It's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Yes, I know how to change a flat tire.
Do you have to call for a tow truck if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Yes, I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
MBA is a very desirable degree.
Which means a lot of people want to get it.
But it's very expensive and difficult to get.
Is it cheap to get a quality MBA?
No, it's not cheap to get a quality MBA.
Does it cost a lot of get a quality MBA?
Yes, it costs a lot to get a quality MBA.
Do you have to go to a business school to get an MBA?
Yes, I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Do you have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA?
No, I don't have to go to a bar and drink a lot of beer to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
I have to go to a business school to get an MBA.
Where do you have to go to get an MBA?
Do you have to study hard there?
Yes, I have to study hard there.
If you don't study hard at a business school, do they kick you out?
Yes, if I don't study hard at a business school, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
Why do you have to study hard at a business school?
I have to study hard at a business school because if I don't, they kick me out.
Entering an MBA program and paying your tuition.
Is not enough.
Study hard.
Or get kicked out.
Do you want to start a business?
Yes, I want to start a business.
Do you want to start a business tomorrow?
No, I don't want to start a business tomorrow.
You don't go into business like that.
You have to be prepared.
It might take years.
Do you want to start a business in several years?
Yes, I want to start a business in several years.
Do you have to be well prepared before you start a business?
Yes, I have to be well prepared before I start a business.
Is it a good idea to start a business if you are unprepared?
No, it's not a good idea to start a business if I'm unprepared.
Can it take several years to prepare to start a business?
Yes, it can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
It can take several years to prepare to start a business.
How long can it take to prepare to start a business?
Do you work here?
Yes, I work here.
Do you hang out here?
No, I don't hang out here.
What do you do here?
I work here.
Do you have any clients here now?
No, I don't have any clients here now.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
No, I don't have a lot of clients lately.
Does it mean the business is going fine?
No, it doesn't mean the business is going fine.
Does it mean the business is going badly?
Yes, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
If I don't have a lot of clients, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
Do you have a lot of time to rest when you don't have many clients?
Yes, I have a lot of time to rest when I don't have many clients.
Do people come to your bar when they run out of bread?
No, people don't come to my bar when they run out of bread.
Do people come to your bar when they want to have a beer?
Yes, people come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
When do people come to your bar?
People come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
Having very few clients is bad for you.
You can't stay in business for long if you don't have enough clients.
Is having a few clients good for your business?
No, having a few clients isn't good for my business.
Is having a few clients bad for your business?
Yes, having a few clients is bad for my business.
How is it to have a few clients?
It's bad for my business to have a few clients.
Can you stay in business for long if you don't have any clients?
No, I can't stay in business for long if I don't have any clients.
You want to stay in business.
You need some clients to bring some cash.
Otherwise.
You go out of business.
Do you have to go out of business if you don't have enough clients?
Yes, I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
What do you have to do if you don't have enough clients?
I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
A gym
To work out
People go to the gym to workout
To be fit
To stay fit
If you want to be fit, eat healthy
You can't stay fit by eating junk food
Regularly
People who want to stay fit regularly go to the gym
To understand
I understand how important it is to work out regularly
Necessary
It is necessary to eat healthy if you want to be fit
To be organized
You need to be well organized if you want to start a business
To avoid
You have to avoid junk food if you want to stay fit.
Do you go to the gym regularly?
Yes, I go to the gym regularly.
Do you go to the gym to hang out with your friends and drink beer?
No, I don't go to the gym to hang out with my friends and drink beer.
Do you go to the gym to watch movies?
No, I don't go to the gym to watch movies.
Do you go to the gym to play video games?
No, I don't go to the gym to play video games.
Do you go to the gym to workout?
Yes, I go to the gym to workout.
How often do you go to the gym to workout?
I regularly go to the gym to workout.
Why do you regularly go to the gym?
I regularly go to the gym to workout.
Why do you regularly go to the gym?
Do you want to stay fit?
Yes, I want to stay fit.
Staying fit.
If you want to stay fit.
Working out is not the only thing you need to do.
You also have to eat healthy food.
And avoid junk food.
If you want to stay fit, is working out the only thing you need to do?
No, if I want to stay fit, working out is not the only thing I need to do.
If you want to stay fit, is it necessary to eat healthy food?
Yes, if I want to stay fit, it is necessary to eat healthy food.
Is it better to avoid junk food if you want to stay fit?
Yes, it's better to avoid junk food if I want to stay fit.
What food do you have to eat if you want to stay fit?
I have to eat healthy food if I want to stay fit.
What food do you have to eat if you want to stay fit?
What food do you have to avoid if you want to stay fit?
I have to avoid junk food if I want to stay fit.
What food do you have to avoid if you want to stay fit?
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
No, I don't usually avoid eating junk food.
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
Do you understand how bad junk food is for you?
Yes, I understand how bad junk food is for me.
Do you regularly eat junk food for lunch?
Yes, I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
What kind of food do you regularly eat for lunch?
I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
Can you become fit by eating junk food?
No, I can't become fit by eating junk food.
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
I usually get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Do you work out before you go to work?
No, I don't work out before I go to work.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
What time do you usually leave home?
I usually leave home at 7 AM.
Do you drive your car to work?
Yes, I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
Do you drive to work during rush hour?
Yes, I drive to work during rush hour.
Are you often stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
No, it's not cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Do you usually have a lot of work to do during the day?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do during the day.
Do you regularly miss work?
No, I don't regularly miss work.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
No, I can't miss my work when I just want to stay home.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
If you miss a few workdays because you just want to stay home, can you get fired?
Yes, if I miss a few work days because I just want to stay home, I can get fired.
Do you want to get fired?
No, I don't want to get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
Yes, I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work.
Why?
Because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Why do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Are you driving your car now?
No, I'm not driving my car now.
Are you out of gas?
No, I'm not out of gas.
Do you have a flat tire?
Yes, I have a flat tire.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
Why aren't you driving your car?
I'm not driving my car because I have a flat tire.
Do you regularly get a flat tire?
No, I don't regularly get a flat tire.
Is my car the same as yours?
No, your car isn't the same as mine.
Is my car different from yours?
Yes, your car is different from mine.
Do I drive a small expensive sports car?
No, you don't drive a small expensive sports car.
Do I drive a tow truck?
Yes, you drive a tow truck.
What kind of truck do I drive?
You drive a tow truck .
Do I have a flat tire too?
No, you don't have a flat tire too.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you have a spare tire in your trunk?
No, I don't have a spare tire in my trunk.
Is your trunk big enough to fit a spare tire in it?
No, my trunk isn't big enough to fit a spare tire in it.
Is your trunk too small to fit a spare tire in it?
Yes, my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Do you want me to take your car to the garage?
Yes, I want you to take my car to the garage.
Where do you want me to take your car?
I want you to take my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you often go to the doctor?
No, I don't often go to the doctor.
Does it cost a little to see a doctor everyday?
No, it doesn't cost a little to see a doctor every day.
Does it cost a lot of money to see a doctor every day?
Yes, it costs a lot of money to see a doctor every day.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
It costs a lot of money to see a doctor everyday.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Do you always fasten your seat belt before you start driving your car?
Yes, I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
Are you wearing a seat belt now?
No, I'm not wearing a seat belt now.
Why not?
Because I'm not driving a car.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
I'm not wearing a seat belt now because I'm not driving.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Yes, I understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when I drive.
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Do you know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive?
Yes, I know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive.
Do you think they understand how important it is it to wear a seat belt when they drive?
No, I think they don't understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when they drive.
----‐------------------------------------------------------