Do you make enough money to go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I make enough money to go on vacation several times a year.
Do you go on vacation several times a year?
Yes, I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation several times a year.
How often do you go on vacation?
Do people go on vacation when they want to have some rest?
Yes, people go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
Do people go on vacation when they want to work hard?
No, people don't go on vacation when they want to work hard.
When do people go on vacation?
People go on vacation when they want to have some rest.
When do people go on vacation?
Is it good for you to sit in your office all year long?
No, it's not good for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it really bad for you to sit in your office all year long?
Yes, it's really bad for me to sit in my office all year long.
Is it better for you to sit in your office all year long, or to go on vacation several times a year?
It's better for me to go on vacation several times a year.
Can you go on vacation to an expensive place if you are low on money?
No, I can't go on vacation to an expensive place if I'm low on money.
Do you have to go on vacation to some cheap place if you're low on money?
Yes, I have to go on vacation to some cheap place if I'm low on money.
Or better yet.
You can stay home.
And save a couple of bucks.
Do you work here?
Yes, I work here.
Do you hang out here?
No, I don't hang out here.
What do you do here?
I work here.
Do you have any clients here now?
No, I don't have any clients here now.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
No, I don't have a lot of clients lately.
Does it mean the business is going fine?
No, it doesn't mean the business is going fine.
Does it mean the business is going badly?
Yes, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
If I don't have a lot of clients, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
Do you have a lot of time to rest when you don't have many clients?
Yes, I have a lot of time to rest when I don't have many clients.
Do people come to your bar when they run out of bread?
No, people don't come to my bar when they run out of bread.
Do people come to your bar when they want to have a beer?
Yes, people come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
When do people come to your bar?
People come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
Having very few clients is bad for you.
You can't stay in business for long if you don't have enough clients.
Is having a few clients good for your business?
No, having a few clients isn't good for my business.
Is having a few clients bad for your business?
Yes, having a few clients is bad for my business.
How is it to have a few clients?
It's bad for my business to have a few clients.
Can you stay in business for long if you don't have any clients?
No, I can't stay in business for long if I don't have any clients.
You want to stay in business.
You need some clients to bring some cash.
Otherwise.
You go out of business.
Do you have to go out of business if you don't have enough clients?
Yes, I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
What do you have to do if you don't have enough clients?
I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you need a trunk in a car?
Yes, I need a trunk in a car.
How many trunks does your car have?
My car has one trunk.
How many trunks does your car have?
Do you keep anything in your trunk?
Yes, I keep something in my trunk.
Do you sleep in the trunk?
No, I don't sleep in the trunk.
Is there room for a spare tire in your trunk?
No, there isn't room for a spare tire in my trunk.
Does it mean your trunk is too small, or big enough for a spare tire?
It means my trunk is too small for a spare tire.
What does it mean if there is no room for a spare tire in your trunk?
If there is no room for a spare tire in my trunk, it means my trunk is too small.
Do you sometimes get a flat tire?
Yes, I sometimes get a flat tire.
Is it pleasant to get a flat tire?
No, it's not pleasant to get a flat tire.
Is it unpleasant to get a flat tire?
Yes, it's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
How is it to get a flat tire?
It's unpleasant to get a flat tire.
Do you know how to change a flat tire?
Yes, I know how to change a flat tire.
Do you have to call for a tow truck if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Yes, I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
I have to call for a tow truck if I get a flat tire and don't know how to change it.
Who do you have to call for if you get a flat tire and don't know how to change it?
Do you often go to the doctor?
No, I don't often go to the doctor.
Does it cost a little to see a doctor everyday?
No, it doesn't cost a little to see a doctor every day.
Does it cost a lot of money to see a doctor every day?
Yes, it costs a lot of money to see a doctor every day.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
It costs a lot of money to see a doctor everyday.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Do you always fasten your seat belt before you start driving your car?
Yes, I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
Are you wearing a seat belt now?
No, I'm not wearing a seat belt now.
Why not?
Because I'm not driving a car.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
I'm not wearing a seat belt now because I'm not driving.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Yes, I understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when I drive.
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Do you know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive?
Yes, I know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive.
Do you think they understand how important it is it to wear a seat belt when they drive?
No, I think they don't understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when they drive.
Do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
Yes, I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work.
Why?
Because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Why do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Are you driving your car now?
No, I'm not driving my car now.
Are you out of gas?
No, I'm not out of gas.
Do you have a flat tire?
Yes, I have a flat tire.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
Why aren't you driving your car?
I'm not driving my car because I have a flat tire.
Do you regularly get a flat tire?
No, I don't regularly get a flat tire.
Is my car the same as yours?
No, your car isn't the same as mine.
Is my car different from yours?
Yes, your car is different from mine.
Do I drive a small expensive sports car?
No, you don't drive a small expensive sports car.
Do I drive a tow truck?
Yes, you drive a tow truck.
What kind of truck do I drive?
You drive a tow truck .
Do I have a flat tire too?
No, you don't have a flat tire too.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you have a spare tire in your trunk?
No, I don't have a spare tire in my trunk.
Is your trunk big enough to fit a spare tire in it?
No, my trunk isn't big enough to fit a spare tire in it.
Is your trunk too small to fit a spare tire in it?
Yes, my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Do you want me to take your car to the garage?
Yes, I want you to take my car to the garage.
Where do you want me to take your car?
I want you to take my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
No, I don't usually avoid eating junk food.
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
Do you understand how bad junk food is for you?
Yes, I understand how bad junk food is for me.
Do you regularly eat junk food for lunch?
Yes, I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
What kind of food do you regularly eat for lunch?
I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
Can you become fit by eating junk food?
No, I can't become fit by eating junk food.
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
I usually get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Do you work out before you go to work?
No, I don't work out before I go to work.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
What time do you usually leave home?
I usually leave home at 7 AM.
Do you drive your car to work?
Yes, I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
Do you drive to work during rush hour?
Yes, I drive to work during rush hour.
Are you often stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
No, it's not cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Do you usually have a lot of work to do during the day?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do during the day.
Do you regularly miss work?
No, I don't regularly miss work.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
No, I can't miss my work when I just want to stay home.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
If you miss a few workdays because you just want to stay home, can you get fired?
Yes, if I miss a few work days because I just want to stay home, I can get fired.
Do you want to get fired?
No, I don't want to get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Do you go to the gym regularly?
Yes, I go to the gym regularly.
Do you go to the gym to hang out with your friends and drink beer?
No, I don't go to the gym to hang out with my friends and drink beer.
Do you go to the gym to watch movies?
No, I don't go to the gym to watch movies.
Do you go to the gym to play video games?
No, I don't go to the gym to play video games.
Do you go to the gym to workout?
Yes, I go to the gym to workout.
How often do you go to the gym to workout?
I regularly go to the gym to workout.
Why do you regularly go to the gym?
I regularly go to the gym to workout.
Why do you regularly go to the gym?
Do you want to stay fit?
Yes, I want to stay fit.
Staying fit.
If you want to stay fit.
Working out is not the only thing you need to do.
You also have to eat healthy food.
And avoid junk food.
If you want to stay fit, is working out the only thing you need to do?
No, if I want to stay fit, working out is not the only thing I need to do.
If you want to stay fit, is it necessary to eat healthy food?
Yes, if I want to stay fit, it is necessary to eat healthy food.
Is it better to avoid junk food if you want to stay fit?
Yes, it's better to avoid junk food if I want to stay fit.
What food do you have to eat if you want to stay fit?
I have to eat healthy food if I want to stay fit.
What food do you have to eat if you want to stay fit?
What food do you have to avoid if you want to stay fit?
I have to avoid junk food if I want to stay fit.
What food do you have to avoid if you want to stay fit?
To read
To write
A word
Out of order
The elevator is out of order
I see an "out of order" sign here
In front of
You are standing in front of me
Behind
To my left
There is a gas station to my left
To my right
There's nothing to my right
A tooth
Teeth
A dentist
A dentist fixes teeth
Fun
It is not fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours
To have fun
I'm having fun at my friend's birthday party.
Can you read?
Yes, I can read.
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you read?
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
Do you think you read slowly?
No, I don't think I read slowly.
Do you think you read fast?
Yes, I think I read fast.
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, does it mean he reads slowly or fast?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
Can you write?
Yes, I can write.
Do you often have to write long papers at this library?
Yes, I often have to write long papers at this library.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
Do you write those papers because you want to, or because you have to?
I write those papers because I have to.
Do your teachers make you write long papers several times a week?
Yes, my teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
Who makes you write long papers several times a week?
My teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you write?
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
Do you think you write slowly, or quickly?
I think I write quickly.
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, does it mean he writes slowly, or quickly?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
Is Jack standing in front of you?
No, Jack isn't standing in front of me.
Is Jack sitting behind you?
Yes, Jack is sitting behind me.
Where is Jack sitting?
Jack, is sitting behind me.
Am I sitting behind you, too?
No, you're not sitting behind me, too.
Am I standing to you right?
No, you aren't standing to my right.
Am I standing to your left?
No, you aren't standing to my left.
Am I sitting in front of you?
Yes, you are sitting in front of me.
Where am I sitting?
You are sitting in front of me.
Are you here at the library to hang out with your friend Jack?
No, I'm not here at the library to hang out with my friend Jack.
Are you here at the library to workout?
No, I'm not here at the library to workout.
Are you here at the library to write a paper?
Yes, I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Why are you here at the library?
I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Do you often go to the dentist?
No, I don't often go to the dentist.
How often do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist once a year.
How often do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist once a year.
Is it fun to go to the dentist three times a week?
No, it's not fun to go to the dentist three times a week.
Do you have fun at the dentist's office?
No, I don't have fun at the dentist's office.
Do you know what a dentist does?
Yes, I know what a dentist does.
Does a dentist fix elevators?
No, a dentist doesn't fix elevators.
Does a dentist fix your teeth?
Yes, a dentist fixes my teeth.
What does a dentist do?
A dentist fixes my teeth.
What does a dentist do?
A dentist fixes my teeth.
Do you only have 15 teeth?
No, I don't only have 15 teeth.
Do you have 500 teeth?
No, I don't have 500 teeth.
Do you have 32 teeth?
Yes, I have 32 teeth.
How many teeth do you have?
I have 32 teeth.
How many teeth do you have?
Does it cost a little money to fix 5 of your teeth?
No, it doesn't cost a little money to fix 5 of my teeth.
Does it cost a lot of money to fix 5 of your teeth?
Yes, it costs a lot of money to fix 5 of my teeth.
How much does it cost to fix 5 of your teeth?
It costs a lot of money to fix 5 of my teeth.
How much does it cost to fix 5 of your teeth?
Do you go to the dentist when your teeth are fine?
No, I don't go to the dentist when my teeth are fine.
Do you go to the dentist when your tooth hurts?
Yes, I go to the dentist when my tooth hurts.
When do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist when my tooth hurts.
When do you go to the dentist?
When do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist when my tooth hurts.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
Do you have your business?
Yes, I have my business.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
Yes, I have a lot of clients lately.
Is your business doing fine?
Yes, my business is doing fine.
Do you think you are a well organized person?
Yes, I think I am a well organized person.
Is it necessary to be well organized if you want to start a business?
Yes, it's necessary to be well organized if I want to start a business.
Is there anything on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is something on the elevator doors.
Is there some sign on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is some sign on the elevator doors.
What's on the elevator doors?
There's some sign on the elevator doors.
What does it say?
It says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
Do you think both of these elevators are working?
No, I don't think both of these elevators are working.
Do you think one of these elevators isn't working?
Yes, I think one of these elevators Isn't working.
What makes you think so?
I think so because one of them has an "out of order" sign on it.
What makes you think one of these elevators isn't working?
I think one of these elevators isn't working because there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Can you take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you have to take the stairs instead?
Yes, I have to take the stairs instead.
Can you enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
No, I don't enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Do you hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
Yes, I hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Is it fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours?
No, it's not fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours.
Are the elevators in front of you?
No, the elevators aren't in front of me.
Are the elevators behind you?
No, the elevators aren't behind me.
Are the elevators to your right?
No, the elevators aren't to my right.
Where are the elevators?
The elevators are to my left.
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you like all of your colleagues?
No, I don't like all of my colleagues.
Is it fun to work with colleagues you don't like?
No, it's not fun to work with colleagues I don't like.
Do you usually try to avoid talking to colleagues you don't like?
Yes, I usually try to avoid talking to colleagues I don't like.
Does your job offer you a lot of opportunities?
No, my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Do you think you have a dead-end job?
Yes, I think I have a dead-end job.
What makes you think so?
I think so because my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
What makes you think you have a dead-end job?
I think I have a dead-end job because it doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Do you usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor?
Yes, I usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor.
Why?
Because I don't want to fall.
Why do you usually avoid walking on the wet floor?
I usually avoid walking on the wet floor because I don't want to fall.
Do you want to go on vacation?
Yes I want to go on vacation.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
I usually go on vacation 2 times a year.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
Do you go on vacation when you want to get some rest?
Yes, I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
Do you usually have a lot of fun on vacation?
Yes, I usually have a lot of fun on vacation.
Do you know how to read this year?
Yes, I know how to read this year
Read it.
Nineteen twenty-five. -1925
Do you know how to read this year?
Yes, I know how to read this year.
Read it.
Two thousand. -2000
Can you read this year?
Yes, I can read this year.
Read it.
Twenty Thirty-two. -2032
Do you often miss your classes?
Yes, I often miss my classes.
If you often miss your classes, do teachers give you good grades?
No, if I often miss my classes, teachers don't give me good grades.
If you often miss your classes, do teachers give you bad grades?
Yes, if I often miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
When I miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
Do you have to be organized if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to be organized if I want to get good grades.
Do you like to take difficult exams?
No, I don't like to take difficult exams.
Do you usually have fun during difficult exams?
No, I don't usually have fun during difficult exams.
Can you fail your exam if you come unprepared?
Yes, I can fail my exam if I come unprepared.
Is it fun to fail every exam you take?
No, it's not fun to fail every exam I take.
Do you know what the phrase "out of order" means?
Yes, I know what the phrase "out of order" means.
Does it mean "working"?
No, it doesn't mean "working".
Does it mean "please enter"?
No, it doesn't mean "please enter".
Does it mean "broken"?
Yes, it means "broken".
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
The phrase "out of order" means "broken".
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
----‐------------------------------------------------------