Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
No, I don't usually avoid eating junk food.
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
Do you understand how bad junk food is for you?
Yes, I understand how bad junk food is for me.
Do you regularly eat junk food for lunch?
Yes, I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
What kind of food do you regularly eat for lunch?
I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
Can you become fit by eating junk food?
No, I can't become fit by eating junk food.
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
I usually get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Do you work out before you go to work?
No, I don't work out before I go to work.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
What time do you usually leave home?
I usually leave home at 7 AM.
Do you drive your car to work?
Yes, I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
Do you drive to work during rush hour?
Yes, I drive to work during rush hour.
Are you often stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
No, it's not cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Do you usually have a lot of work to do during the day?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do during the day.
Do you regularly miss work?
No, I don't regularly miss work.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
No, I can't miss my work when I just want to stay home.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
If you miss a few workdays because you just want to stay home, can you get fired?
Yes, if I miss a few work days because I just want to stay home, I can get fired.
Do you want to get fired?
No, I don't want to get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
Yes, I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work.
Why?
Because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Why do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Are you driving your car now?
No, I'm not driving my car now.
Are you out of gas?
No, I'm not out of gas.
Do you have a flat tire?
Yes, I have a flat tire.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
Why aren't you driving your car?
I'm not driving my car because I have a flat tire.
Do you regularly get a flat tire?
No, I don't regularly get a flat tire.
Is my car the same as yours?
No, your car isn't the same as mine.
Is my car different from yours?
Yes, your car is different from mine.
Do I drive a small expensive sports car?
No, you don't drive a small expensive sports car.
Do I drive a tow truck?
Yes, you drive a tow truck.
What kind of truck do I drive?
You drive a tow truck .
Do I have a flat tire too?
No, you don't have a flat tire too.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you have a spare tire in your trunk?
No, I don't have a spare tire in my trunk.
Is your trunk big enough to fit a spare tire in it?
No, my trunk isn't big enough to fit a spare tire in it.
Is your trunk too small to fit a spare tire in it?
Yes, my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Do you want me to take your car to the garage?
Yes, I want you to take my car to the garage.
Where do you want me to take your car?
I want you to take my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Can you read?
Yes, I can read.
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you read?
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
Do you think you read slowly?
No, I don't think I read slowly.
Do you think you read fast?
Yes, I think I read fast.
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, does it mean he reads slowly or fast?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
Can you write?
Yes, I can write.
Do you often have to write long papers at this library?
Yes, I often have to write long papers at this library.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
Do you write those papers because you want to, or because you have to?
I write those papers because I have to.
Do your teachers make you write long papers several times a week?
Yes, my teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
Who makes you write long papers several times a week?
My teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you write?
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
Do you think you write slowly, or quickly?
I think I write quickly.
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, does it mean he writes slowly, or quickly?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
Is Jack standing in front of you?
No, Jack isn't standing in front of me.
Is Jack sitting behind you?
Yes, Jack is sitting behind me.
Where is Jack sitting?
Jack, is sitting behind me.
Am I sitting behind you, too?
No, you're not sitting behind me, too.
Am I standing to you right?
No, you aren't standing to my right.
Am I standing to your left?
No, you aren't standing to my left.
Am I sitting in front of you?
Yes, you are sitting in front of me.
Where am I sitting?
You are sitting in front of me.
Are you here at the library to hang out with your friend Jack?
No, I'm not here at the library to hang out with my friend Jack.
Are you here at the library to workout?
No, I'm not here at the library to workout.
Are you here at the library to write a paper?
Yes, I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Why are you here at the library?
I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Is there anything on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is something on the elevator doors.
Is there some sign on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is some sign on the elevator doors.
What's on the elevator doors?
There's some sign on the elevator doors.
What does it say?
It says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
Do you think both of these elevators are working?
No, I don't think both of these elevators are working.
Do you think one of these elevators isn't working?
Yes, I think one of these elevators Isn't working.
What makes you think so?
I think so because one of them has an "out of order" sign on it.
What makes you think one of these elevators isn't working?
I think one of these elevators isn't working because there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Can you take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you have to take the stairs instead?
Yes, I have to take the stairs instead.
Can you enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
No, I don't enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Do you hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
Yes, I hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Is it fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours?
No, it's not fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours.
Are the elevators in front of you?
No, the elevators aren't in front of me.
Are the elevators behind you?
No, the elevators aren't behind me.
Are the elevators to your right?
No, the elevators aren't to my right.
Where are the elevators?
The elevators are to my left.
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you like all of your colleagues?
No, I don't like all of my colleagues.
Is it fun to work with colleagues you don't like?
No, it's not fun to work with colleagues I don't like.
Do you usually try to avoid talking to colleagues you don't like?
Yes, I usually try to avoid talking to colleagues I don't like.
Does your job offer you a lot of opportunities?
No, my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Do you think you have a dead-end job?
Yes, I think I have a dead-end job.
What makes you think so?
I think so because my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
What makes you think you have a dead-end job?
I think I have a dead-end job because it doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Do you usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor?
Yes, I usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor.
Why?
Because I don't want to fall.
Why do you usually avoid walking on the wet floor?
I usually avoid walking on the wet floor because I don't want to fall.
Do you want to go on vacation?
Yes I want to go on vacation.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
I usually go on vacation 2 times a year.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
Do you go on vacation when you want to get some rest?
Yes, I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
Do you usually have a lot of fun on vacation?
Yes, I usually have a lot of fun on vacation.
Can you live in this apartment for free?
No, I can't live in this apartment for free.
Do you have to pay your rent and your bills?
Yes, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in this apartment?
I have to pay my rent and my bills if I want to live in this apartment.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in this apartment?
If you stop paying your rent, can they kick you out of this apartment?
Yes, if I stop paying my rent, they can kick me out of this apartment.
What can they do if you stop paying your rent?
If I stop paying my rent, they can kick me out of this apartment.
Do you want them to kick you out of this apartment?
No, I don't want them to kick me out of this apartment.
What do you have to do if you don't want them to kick you out of this apartment?
If I don't want them to kick me out of this apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to do if you don't want them to kick you out of this apartment?
If I don't want them to kick me out of this apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
Do you hope your rent goes up next month?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up next month.
Do you think your rent can go down next month?
No, I don't think my rent can go down next month.
It doesn't work like that.
Rent never goes down.
It only goes up...
All the way up.
Are your neighbours pleasant people?
Yes, my neighbours are pleasant people.
Do your neighbours listen to loud music at night?
No, my neighbours don't listen to loud music at night.
Do your neighbours often throw loud parties?
No, my neighbours don't often throw loud parties.
Do you like to eat a sandwich at night?
No, I don't like to eat a sandwich at night.
Is it good for you to eat anything at night?
No, it's not good for me to eat anything at night.
Can you make a sandwich if you're out of bread?
No, I can't make a sandwich if I'm out of bread.
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
If I want to make a sandwich, I need some bread.
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
Do you go shopping when you run out of bread?
Yes, I go shopping when I run out of bread.
Do you eat chewing gums when you run out of breads?
No, I don't eat chewing gums when I run out of bread.
What do you do when you run out of bread?
I go shopping when I run out of bread.
Are there any nice grocery stores in your neighbourhood?
Yes, there are some nice grocery stores in my neighbourhood.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is there any water on the floor?
Yes, there is some water on the floor.
Does it mean the floor is dry, or wet?
It means the floor is wet.
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Is it pleasant to fall on the wet floor at a grocery store?
No, it's not pleasant to fall on the wet floor at a grocery store.
Does it hurt to fall on the wet floor?
Yes, it hurts to fall on the wet floor.
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
It hurts to fall on the wet floor.
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
Do you often take a shower?
Yes, I often take a shower.
Do you prefer to take a shower, or a bath?
I prefer to take a shower.
Do you like to sing when you take a shower?
Yes, I like to sing when I take a shower.
Does it make you a singer?
No, it doesn't make me a singer.
To clean
To clean up the house
The entrance
To look like
She doesn't look like your sister
What do I look like
Age
She is the same age as me
Hi, Amy!
Oh, that's just great!
What is she doing here?
That's a... nice surprise!
What are you doing here?
Michael?
It's funny to see you here at the movies.
It's 6:30 PM and you have to take your "very important exam".
Don't you?
Uh...
I do
I mean
I have to take that exam tomorrow night
On Thursday
Not tonight
Today is Thursday, isn't it?
Yeah
But today I have many other things to do.
So, I'm taking the exam tomorrow.
What kind of things?
Uh...
I have to take my sister to the movie theatre.
She is only six.
Someone has to keep an eye on her.
Does Michael say he has a sister?
Yes, Michael says he has a sister.
And how old is his sister.
His sister is 6.
Does someone have to keep an eye on her?
Yes, someone has to keep an eye on her.
What does someone have to keep on her?
Someone has to keep an eye on her
Why?
Because she is too small to stay home alone.
Why does someone have to keep an eye on his sister?
Someone has to keep an eye on his sister because she is too small to stay home alone.
Do you think this whole story with his sister is the truth?
No, I don't think this whole story with his sister is the truth.
Do you think he is lying to Amy?
Yes, I think he is lying to yummy.
Why do you think he is lying to Amy?
I think he is lying to Amy because he doesn't want to tell her the truth.
Why do you think he is lying to Amy?
I think he is lying to Amy because he doesn't want to tell her the truth.
And what truth is that?
The truth is that he doesn't like her.
Does lying to Amy make him feel comfortable?
No, lying to Amy doesn't make him feel comfortable.
Does lying to Amy make him feel awkward?
Yes, lying to Amy makes him feel awkward.
How does lying to Amy make him feel?
How does lying to Amy make him feel?
Lying to Amy makes him feel awkward.
How does lying to Amy make him feel?
Lying to Amy makes him feel awkward.
Lying to Amy makes him feel awkward?
Is Amy feeling awkward too?
No, Amy isn't feeling awkward too.
Is she feeling amused?
Yes, she is feeling amused.
How is Amy feeling?
Amy is feeling amused.
Is she feeling amused because it's funny for her to see Michael telling lies?
Yes, she is feeling amused because it's funny for her to see Michael telling lies.
Why is Amy feeling amused?
Amy is feeling amused because it's funny for her to see Michael telling lies.
Since Amy caught him at a movie theatre.
He had to come up with a good reason why he was there.
And not at his college
Taking his "very important exam"
And he said he had a six-year-old sister.
He had to take to the movie theatre.
I have to take my sister to the movie theatre.
She is only six.
Because she can't stay home alone.
Someone has to keep an eye on her.
Someone has to keep an eye on her.
But Amy remembered.
What he said about his sister. yesterday.
And your sister is "throwing a birthday party on Sunday", isn't she?
Yeah
I mean
She is having a birthday party.
My mother and I have to cook and clean up the house.
Does he say his sister is really throwing a birthday party on Sunday?
Yes, he says his sister is really throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
What is his sister throwing on Sunday?
His sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
Whose sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday?
Michael's sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
Can his sister cook everything alone?
No, his sister can't cook everything alone.
Why not?
Because she is only 6.
Why can't his sister cook everything alone?
His sister can't cook everything alone because she is only 6.
Can his sister clean up the house alone?
No, his sister can't clean up the house alone.
Why not?
Because she is only 6.
Why can't his sister clean up the house alone?
His sister can't clean up the house alone because she is only 6.
Do Michael and his mother have to cook and clean up the house?
Yes, Michael and his mother have to cook and clean up the house.
What do Michael and his mother have to do?
Michael and his mother have to cook and clean up the house.
Why do they have to do that?
They have to do that because his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday and she can't do it all alone.
Why do they have to do that?
They have to do that because his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday and she can't do it all alone.
Yeah
I mean
She is having a birthday party
My mother and I have to cook and clean up the house.
She is too small to cook and clean, you know.
Is his sister too big to cook and clean?
No, his sister isn't too big to cook and clean.
Is his sister too small to cook and clean?
Yes, his sister is too small to cook and clean.
What is his sister too small for?
His sister is too small to cook and clean.
What is his sister too small for?
His sister is too small to cook and clean.
His sister is too small to cook and clean.
Yeah, I mean
She is having a birthday party.
My mother and I have to cook and clean up the house.
She is too small to cook and clean, you know.
Speaking of his sister.
Amy notices a pretty girl.
Standing near the entrance to the theatre.
Waiting for Michael.
And that girl.
Who is waiting for you near the entrance.
Doesn't look like she is six.
Is anyone waiting for Michael near the entrance to the movie theatre?
Yes, someone is waiting for Michael near the entrance to the movie theatre.
Is that a boy or a girl?
That's a girl.
Who is that girl waiting for?
That girl is waiting for Michael.
Who is that girl waiting for?
Who is that girl waiting for?
That girl is waiting for Michael.
Does she look like she is 6?
No, she doesn't look like she is 6.
Does she look like she is 12?
No, she doesn't look like she is 12.
Does she look like she is about 20?
Yes, she looks like she is about 20.
How old does she look?
She looks like she is about 20.
How old does she look?
How old does she look?
She looks like she is about 20.
Do you know exactly that she is 20?
No, I don't know exactly that she is 20.
What makes you think she is about 20?
I think she is about 20 because she looks like she is 20.
What makes you think she is about 20?
What makes you think she is about 20?
I think she is about 20 because she looks like she is 20.
Who is this girl waiting for?
This girl is waiting for Michael.
Do you know that because she is looking at him?
Yes, I know that because she is looking at him.
How do you know that this girl is waiting for Michael?
I know that this girl is waiting for Michael because she is looking at him.
And Amy noticed that too.
There's some nice girl.
Standing near the entrance.
Looking at Michael.
And there is no sign of his.
Six-year-old sister.
Who he is supposed to take to the movies.
And that girl.
Who is waiting for you near the entrance.
Doesn't look like she is 6.
She is not your sister, is she?
Does Amy think that this girl is his sister?
No, Amy doesn't think that this girl is his sister.
What makes her think so?
She thinks so because that girl doesn't look like she is 6.
What makes her think that this girl is not his sister?
She thinks that this girl is not his sister because she doesn't look like she is 6.
Is that girl a child?
No, that girl isn't a child.
Is that girl an adult?
Yes, that girl is an adult.
Is she about the same age as Michael?
Yes, she is about the same age as Michael.
Does that make Michael about 20 years old too?
Yes, that makes Michael about 20 years old too.
Does Amy think that this girl is probably his girlfriend?
Yes, Amy thinks that this girl is probably his girlfriend.
Does she know that exactly?
No, she doesn't know that exactly.
She doesn't know exactly.
But she thinks that.
Because that girl is about the same age as Michael.
And more importantly.
The same age as her.
So she is probably Michael's girlfriend.
But Amy doesn't look surprised at all.
Does Amy look surprised to see his probable girlfriend?
No, Amy doesn't look surprised to see his probable girlfriend.
Does Amy look awkward to see his probable girlfriend?
No, Amy doesn't look awkward to see his probable girlfriend.
Does she look amused to see his probable girlfriend?
Yes, she looks amused to see his probable girlfriend.
How does Amy look?
Amy looks amused.
----‐------------------------------------------------------