Do you want to start a business?
Yes, I want to start a business.
Do you think you can make a lot of money if you start a business?
Yes, I think I can make a lot of money if I start a business.
Can you make a lot of money if you don't have a lot of clients?
No, I can't make a lot of money if I don't have a lot of clients.
Do people often go out of business when they don't have a lot of clients?
Yes, people often go out of business when they don't have a lot of clients.
What do people often do when they don't have a lot of clients?
People often go out of business when they don't have a lot of clients.
Are you an organized person?
Yes, I'm an organized person.
Do you think you are organized enough for a business?
Yes, I think I am organized enough for a business.
Do people have to learn to take responsibility when they want to start a business?
Yes, people have to learn to take responsibility when they want to start a business.
What do people have to do before they start their business?
People have to learn to take responsibility before they start their business.
What do people have to do before they start their business?
Do you think most people are ready to take responsibility?
No, I think most people aren't ready to take responsibility.
Do you like to eat a sandwich at night?
No, I don't like to eat a sandwich at night.
Is it good for you to eat anything at night?
No, it's not good for me to eat anything at night.
Can you make a sandwich if you're out of bread?
No, I can't make a sandwich if I'm out of bread.
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
If I want to make a sandwich, I need some bread.
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
Do you go shopping when you run out of bread?
Yes, I go shopping when I run out of bread.
Do you eat chewing gums when you run out of breads?
No, I don't eat chewing gums when I run out of bread.
What do you do when you run out of bread?
I go shopping when I run out of bread.
Are there any nice grocery stores in your neighbourhood?
Yes, there are some nice grocery stores in my neighbourhood.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is there any water on the floor?
Yes, there is some water on the floor.
Does it mean the floor is dry, or wet?
It means the floor is wet.
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Is it pleasant to fall on the wet floor at a grocery store?
No, it's not pleasant to fall on the wet floor at a grocery store.
Does it hurt to fall on the wet floor?
Yes, it hurts to fall on the wet floor.
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
It hurts to fall on the wet floor.
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
Do you often take a shower?
Yes, I often take a shower.
Do you prefer to take a shower, or a bath?
I prefer to take a shower.
Do you like to sing when you take a shower?
Yes, I like to sing when I take a shower.
Does it make you a singer?
No, it doesn't make me a singer.
Do you know how to read this year?
Yes, I know how to read this year
Read it.
Nineteen twenty-five. -1925
Do you know how to read this year?
Yes, I know how to read this year.
Read it.
Two thousand. -2000
Can you read this year?
Yes, I can read this year.
Read it.
Twenty Thirty-two. -2032
Do you often miss your classes?
Yes, I often miss my classes.
If you often miss your classes, do teachers give you good grades?
No, if I often miss my classes, teachers don't give me good grades.
If you often miss your classes, do teachers give you bad grades?
Yes, if I often miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
When I miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
Do you have to be organized if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to be organized if I want to get good grades.
Do you like to take difficult exams?
No, I don't like to take difficult exams.
Do you usually have fun during difficult exams?
No, I don't usually have fun during difficult exams.
Can you fail your exam if you come unprepared?
Yes, I can fail my exam if I come unprepared.
Is it fun to fail every exam you take?
No, it's not fun to fail every exam I take.
Do you know what the phrase "out of order" means?
Yes, I know what the phrase "out of order" means.
Does it mean "working"?
No, it doesn't mean "working".
Does it mean "please enter"?
No, it doesn't mean "please enter".
Does it mean "broken"?
Yes, it means "broken".
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
The phrase "out of order" means "broken".
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you like all of your colleagues?
No, I don't like all of my colleagues.
Is it fun to work with colleagues you don't like?
No, it's not fun to work with colleagues I don't like.
Do you usually try to avoid talking to colleagues you don't like?
Yes, I usually try to avoid talking to colleagues I don't like.
Does your job offer you a lot of opportunities?
No, my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Do you think you have a dead-end job?
Yes, I think I have a dead-end job.
What makes you think so?
I think so because my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
What makes you think you have a dead-end job?
I think I have a dead-end job because it doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Do you usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor?
Yes, I usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor.
Why?
Because I don't want to fall.
Why do you usually avoid walking on the wet floor?
I usually avoid walking on the wet floor because I don't want to fall.
Do you want to go on vacation?
Yes I want to go on vacation.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
I usually go on vacation 2 times a year.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
Do you go on vacation when you want to get some rest?
Yes, I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
Do you usually have a lot of fun on vacation?
Yes, I usually have a lot of fun on vacation.
Do you often go to the dentist?
No, I don't often go to the dentist.
How often do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist once a year.
How often do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist once a year.
Is it fun to go to the dentist three times a week?
No, it's not fun to go to the dentist three times a week.
Do you have fun at the dentist's office?
No, I don't have fun at the dentist's office.
Do you know what a dentist does?
Yes, I know what a dentist does.
Does a dentist fix elevators?
No, a dentist doesn't fix elevators.
Does a dentist fix your teeth?
Yes, a dentist fixes my teeth.
What does a dentist do?
A dentist fixes my teeth.
What does a dentist do?
A dentist fixes my teeth.
Do you only have 15 teeth?
No, I don't only have 15 teeth.
Do you have 500 teeth?
No, I don't have 500 teeth.
Do you have 32 teeth?
Yes, I have 32 teeth.
How many teeth do you have?
I have 32 teeth.
How many teeth do you have?
Does it cost a little money to fix 5 of your teeth?
No, it doesn't cost a little money to fix 5 of my teeth.
Does it cost a lot of money to fix 5 of your teeth?
Yes, it costs a lot of money to fix 5 of my teeth.
How much does it cost to fix 5 of your teeth?
It costs a lot of money to fix 5 of my teeth.
How much does it cost to fix 5 of your teeth?
Do you go to the dentist when your teeth are fine?
No, I don't go to the dentist when my teeth are fine.
Do you go to the dentist when your tooth hurts?
Yes, I go to the dentist when my tooth hurts.
When do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist when my tooth hurts.
When do you go to the dentist?
When do you go to the dentist?
I go to the dentist when my tooth hurts.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
Do you have your business?
Yes, I have my business.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
Yes, I have a lot of clients lately.
Is your business doing fine?
Yes, my business is doing fine.
Do you think you are a well organized person?
Yes, I think I am a well organized person.
Is it necessary to be well organized if you want to start a business?
Yes, it's necessary to be well organized if I want to start a business.
Can you read?
Yes, I can read.
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you read?
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
Do you think you read slowly?
No, I don't think I read slowly.
Do you think you read fast?
Yes, I think I read fast.
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, does it mean he reads slowly or fast?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
Can you write?
Yes, I can write.
Do you often have to write long papers at this library?
Yes, I often have to write long papers at this library.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
Do you write those papers because you want to, or because you have to?
I write those papers because I have to.
Do your teachers make you write long papers several times a week?
Yes, my teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
Who makes you write long papers several times a week?
My teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you write?
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
Do you think you write slowly, or quickly?
I think I write quickly.
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, does it mean he writes slowly, or quickly?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
Is Jack standing in front of you?
No, Jack isn't standing in front of me.
Is Jack sitting behind you?
Yes, Jack is sitting behind me.
Where is Jack sitting?
Jack, is sitting behind me.
Am I sitting behind you, too?
No, you're not sitting behind me, too.
Am I standing to you right?
No, you aren't standing to my right.
Am I standing to your left?
No, you aren't standing to my left.
Am I sitting in front of you?
Yes, you are sitting in front of me.
Where am I sitting?
You are sitting in front of me.
Are you here at the library to hang out with your friend Jack?
No, I'm not here at the library to hang out with my friend Jack.
Are you here at the library to workout?
No, I'm not here at the library to workout.
Are you here at the library to write a paper?
Yes, I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Why are you here at the library?
I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Do you often go to the doctor?
No, I don't often go to the doctor.
Does it cost a little to see a doctor everyday?
No, it doesn't cost a little to see a doctor every day.
Does it cost a lot of money to see a doctor every day?
Yes, it costs a lot of money to see a doctor every day.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
It costs a lot of money to see a doctor everyday.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Do you always fasten your seat belt before you start driving your car?
Yes, I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
Are you wearing a seat belt now?
No, I'm not wearing a seat belt now.
Why not?
Because I'm not driving a car.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
I'm not wearing a seat belt now because I'm not driving.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Yes, I understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when I drive.
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Do you know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive?
Yes, I know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive.
Do you think they understand how important it is it to wear a seat belt when they drive?
No, I think they don't understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when they drive.
Do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
Yes, I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work.
Why?
Because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Why do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Are you driving your car now?
No, I'm not driving my car now.
Are you out of gas?
No, I'm not out of gas.
Do you have a flat tire?
Yes, I have a flat tire.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
Why aren't you driving your car?
I'm not driving my car because I have a flat tire.
Do you regularly get a flat tire?
No, I don't regularly get a flat tire.
Is my car the same as yours?
No, your car isn't the same as mine.
Is my car different from yours?
Yes, your car is different from mine.
Do I drive a small expensive sports car?
No, you don't drive a small expensive sports car.
Do I drive a tow truck?
Yes, you drive a tow truck.
What kind of truck do I drive?
You drive a tow truck .
Do I have a flat tire too?
No, you don't have a flat tire too.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you have a spare tire in your trunk?
No, I don't have a spare tire in my trunk.
Is your trunk big enough to fit a spare tire in it?
No, my trunk isn't big enough to fit a spare tire in it.
Is your trunk too small to fit a spare tire in it?
Yes, my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Do you want me to take your car to the garage?
Yes, I want you to take my car to the garage.
Where do you want me to take your car?
I want you to take my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
A cousin
To decide
He can't decide which girl to ask out
To grab
I want to grab a cup of coffee
What do you say?
What do you say we grab a cup of coffee?
A doughnut
I'd love to
I'd love to go with you, but I can't
See you!
Hi, Amy!
Oh, that's just great!
What is she doing here?
That's a... nice surprise!
What are you doing here?
Michael?
It's funny to see you here at the movies.
It's 6:30 PM and you have to take your "very important exam".
Don't you?
Uh...
I do
I mean
I have to take that exam tomorrow night.
On Thursday
Not tonight
Today is Thursday, isn't it?
Yeah
But today I have many other things to do.
So, I'm taking the exam tomorrow.
What kind of things?
Uh...
I have to take my sister to the movie theatre.
She is only six.
Someone has to keep an eye on her.
And your sister is "throwing a birthday party on Sunday" isn't she?
Yeah, I mean, she is... having a birthday party.
My mother and I have to cook
And clean up the house.
She is too small to cook and clean, you know.
And that girl
Who is waiting for you near the entrance
Doesn't look like she is six
She is not your sister, is she?
Is it funny for Amy to see Michael at the movies?
Yes, it's funny for Amy to see Michael at the movies.
Is his sister throwing a birthday party on Sunday?
Yes, his sister is throwing a birthday party on Sunday.
Do Michael and his mother have to cook and clean up the house?
Yes, Michael and his mother have to cook and clean up the house.
Why can't his sister do it?
His sister can't do it because she is too small to cook and clean up the house.
Why can't his sister cook and clean up the house?
His sister can't cook and clean up the house because she is too small to cook and clean up the house.
Does Michael say he has to keep an eye on his sister tonight?
Yes, Michael says he has to keep an eye on his sister tonight.
Why?
Because she is only 6.
Why does he have to keep an eye on his sister tonight?
He has to keep an eye on his sister tonight because she is only 6.
Is anyone waiting for Michael near the entrance?
Yes, someone is waiting for Michael near the entrance.
Is that a boy or a girl?
That's a girl.
Does she look like she is 6?
No, she doesn't look like she is 6.
How old does she look?
She looks like she is about 20.
How old does she look?
She looks like she is about 20.
Is she about the same age as Michael?
Yes, she is Is about the same age as Michael.
Does Amy think that this girl is his girlfriend?
Yes, Amy thinks that this girl is his girlfriend.
And that girl.
Who is waiting for you near the entrance.
Doesn't look like she is six.
She is not your sister, is she?
Oh, that?
That's my....uh... cousin
A cousin?
Oh my...
Does Michael say that this is his girlfriend?
No, Michael doesn't say that this is his girlfriend.
Does Michael say that this is his six-year-old sister?
No, Michael doesn't say that this is his six-year-old sister.
Does Michael say that this is his cousin?
Yes, Michael says that this is his cousin.
Who does Michael say this girl is
Michael says that this girl is his cousin?
Who does Michael say this girl is
Michael says that this girl is his cousin?
Do you think he is telling the truth?
No, I don't think he is telling the truth.
Do you think he is lying to Amy?
Yes, I think he is lying to Amy.
Do you think this is his girlfriend?
Yes, I think this is his girlfriend.
Is he lying because he doesn't want to tell her the truth?
Yes, he is lying because he doesn't want to tell her the truth.
Why is he lying to Amy?
He is lying to Amy because he doesn't want to tell her the truth.
She is not your sister, is she?
Oh, that?
That's my....uh... cousin.
And who is staying with your little sister.
She is not home alone, is she?
She's with... my mom
Is Michael staying home with his little sister?
No, Michael isn't staying home with his little sister.
Is Michael at the movie theatre with his little sister?
No, Michael isn't at the movie theatre with his little sister.
Is his sister home alone?
No, his sister isn't home alone.
Who is she staying home with?
She is staying home with his mother.
Who is she staying home with?
Who is she staying home with?
She is staying home with his mother.
Is anyone keeping an eye on his little sister?
Yes, someone is keeping an eye on his little sister.
Who is keeping an eye on his little sister?
His mother is keeping an eye on his little sister.
And who is staying with your little sister?
She is not home alone, is she?
She's with... my mom
And then he decides to invite her for a cup of coffee.
Look, if you really want to
We can go grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut after the movie.
What do you say?
He is offering her.
To grab a cup of coffee.
With a doughnut after the movie
Look, if you really want to.
We can go grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut after the movie.
What do you say?
Is Michael asking her out?
Yes, Michael is asking her out.
Is he offering her to grab a cup of tea?
No, he isn't offering her to grab a cup of tea.
Is he offering her to grab a cereal with milk?
No, he isn't offering her to grab a cereal with milk.
Is he offering her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut?
Yes, he is offering her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut.
What is he offering her to do?
He is offering her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut.
What is he offering her to do?
He is offering her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut.
When is he offering her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut?
He is offering her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut after the movie.
Now they're going to watch a movie.
Then he is inviting her for a cup of coffee with a doughnut.
Look, if you really want to.
We can go grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut after the movie.
What do you say?
Now Amy isn't really sure she wants to go out with him anymore.
So, she starts lying to him too.
I'd love to go.
But, I have to go to...
My brother
And help him.
Prepare for the exam...
See you.
Does she agree to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut with Michael?
No, she doesn't agree to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut with Michael.
Is that because she doesn't like doughnuts?
No, that's not because she doesn't like doughnuts.
Is that because Michael is lying to her all the time?
Yes, that's because Michael is lying to her all the time.
Why doesn't she want to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut with him now?
She doesn't want to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut with him now
because he is lying to her all the time.
Why doesn't she want to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut with him now?
She doesn't want to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut with him now
because he is lying to her all the time.
I'd love to go.
But, I have to go to...
My brother.
And help him.
Prepare for the exam...
See you.
Does she say she has a brother?
Yes, she says she has a brother.
Does she say she has to help her brother prepare for an exam?
Yes, she says she has to help her brother prepare for an exam.
What does she say she has to do?
She says she has to help her brother prepare for an exam.
Do you think she really has to help her brother prepare for an exam?
No, I don't think she really has to help her brother prepare for an exam.
Is she saying that because she wants to refuse Michael?
Yes, she is saying that because she wants to refuse Michael.
Why is she saying that she has to help her brother prepare for an exam?
She is saying that she has to help her brother prepare for an exam because she wants to refuse him.
She is tired of trying to ask him out.
And when he very reluctantly offered her to grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut.
Look, if you really want to.
We can go grab a cup of coffee with a doughnut after the movie.
What do you say?
She decided not to play this game anymore.
I'd love to go.
But, I have to go to...
My brother.
And help him.
Prepare for the exam...
See you.
That's how this story ends.
Now let's jump right into the test section.
What do you say?
----‐------------------------------------------------------