Is it expensive to drive a car?
Yes, It's expensive to drive a car.
You have to fill it up.
You have to change oil etc.
Do you have to fill up your car?
Yes, I have to fill up my car.
Do you think gas is cheap?
No, I don't think gas is cheap.
Do you think it's expensive?
Yes, I think it's expensive.
Can you fill up your car for free?
No, I can't fill up my car for free.
Do you have to pay for gas?
Yes, I have to pay for gas.
If you think the price for gas is too high, can you leave without paying for it?
No, if I think the price for gas is too high, I can't leave without paying for it.
If you think the price for gas is too high, is it better to take the Subway?
Yes, if I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
If I think the price for gas is too high, it's better to take the Subway.
What is it better to do if you think the price for gas is too high?
Does gas cost a little money?
No, gas doesn't cost a little money.
Does gas cost a lot of money?
Yes, gas costs a lot of money.
Does gas cost the same as water?
No, gas doesn't cost the same as water.
Does your car run on water?
No, my car doesn't run on water.
Does your car run on electricity?
No, my car doesn't run on electricity.
Does your car run on gas?
Yes, my car runs on gas.
What does your car run on?
My car runs on gas.
Can your car drive if you fill it up with water?
No, my car can't drive if I fill it up with water.
Why not?
Because it doesn't run on water.
Are you often stuck in traffic?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic.
Is it interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
No, it's not interesting to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day.
How is it to be stuck in traffic for a few hours a day?
Do you have any money on you?
Yes, I have some money on me.
Do you keep your money in your pocket?
No, I don't keep my money in my pocket.
Do you keep your money in your fridge?
No, I don't keep my money in my fridge.
Do you keep your money in your wallet?
Yes, I keep my money in my wallet.
Where do you keep your money?
I keep my money in my wallet.
What about food, do you keep your food in your wallet, too?
No, I don't keep my food in my wallet.
There's a fridge for these purposes.
Do you keep your food in the fridge?
Yes, I keep my food in the fridge.
Where do you keep your food?
I keep my food in the fridge.
Is cheap gas the same quality as expensive gas?
No, cheap gas isn't the same quality as expensive gas.
Is cheap gas different quality from expensive gas?
Yes, cheap gas is different quality from expensive gas.
Is cheap gas usually high quality?
No, cheap gas isn't usually high quality.
Is cheap gas usually low quality?
Yes, cheap gas is usually low quality.
What quality is cheap gas?
Cheap gas is usually low quality.
If gas is expensive, does it always mean it's high quality?
No, if gas is expensive, it doesn't always mean it's high quality.
It usually means good marketing
Does your car often break down?
Yes, my car often breaks down.
Does your car break down once a month?
No, my car doesn't break down once a month.
Does your car break down once every 3 months?
Yes, my car breaks down once every 3 months.
How often does your car break down?
My car breaks down once every 3 months.
Can you predict when your car can break down next time?
No, I can't predict when my car can break down next time.
Do you know how to fix your car when it breaks down?
No, I don't know how to fix my car when it breaks down.
When your car breaks down, do you call for a tow truck?
Yes, when my car breaks down, I call for a tow truck.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
I call for a tow truck when my car breaks down.
Who do you call for when your car breaks down?
Does a tow truck take your car to the garage to fix it?
Yes, a tow truck takes my car to the garage to fix it.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
A tow truck takes my car to the garage when it breaks down.
Where does a tow truck take your car when it breaks down?
Is that a tow trick?
Yes, that's a tow truck.
Where is it taking your car?
It's taking my car to the garage.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Why is the tow truck taking your broken car to the garage?
The tow truck is taking my broken car to the garage to fix it.
Does a tow truck take a car to the garage for free?
No, a tow truck doesn't take a car to the garage for free.
Does it cost a little to tow your car to the garage?
No, it doesn't cost a little to tow my car to the garage.
Does it cost a lot to tow your car to the garage?
Yes, it costs a lot to tow my car to the garage.
Unless you have an insurance policy for cases like that.
If your car often breaks down, does it mean the car is high quality, or low quality?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
If my car often breaks down, it means the car is low quality.
What does it mean if your car often breaks down?
Do you work here?
Yes, I work here.
Do you hang out here?
No, I don't hang out here.
What do you do here?
I work here.
Do you have any clients here now?
No, I don't have any clients here now.
Do you have a lot of clients lately?
No, I don't have a lot of clients lately.
Does it mean the business is going fine?
No, it doesn't mean the business is going fine.
Does it mean the business is going badly?
Yes, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
If I don't have a lot of clients, it means the business is going badly.
What does it mean if you don't have a lot of clients?
Do you have a lot of time to rest when you don't have many clients?
Yes, I have a lot of time to rest when I don't have many clients.
Do people come to your bar when they run out of bread?
No, people don't come to my bar when they run out of bread.
Do people come to your bar when they want to have a beer?
Yes, people come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
When do people come to your bar?
People come to my bar when they want to have a beer.
Having very few clients is bad for you.
You can't stay in business for long if you don't have enough clients.
Is having a few clients good for your business?
No, having a few clients isn't good for my business.
Is having a few clients bad for your business?
Yes, having a few clients is bad for my business.
How is it to have a few clients?
It's bad for my business to have a few clients.
Can you stay in business for long if you don't have any clients?
No, I can't stay in business for long if I don't have any clients.
You want to stay in business.
You need some clients to bring some cash.
Otherwise.
You go out of business.
Do you have to go out of business if you don't have enough clients?
Yes, I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
What do you have to do if you don't have enough clients?
I have to go out of business if I don't have enough clients.
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
No, I don't usually avoid eating junk food.
Do you usually avoid eating junk food?
Do you understand how bad junk food is for you?
Yes, I understand how bad junk food is for me.
Do you regularly eat junk food for lunch?
Yes, I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
What kind of food do you regularly eat for lunch?
I regularly eat junk food for lunch.
Can you become fit by eating junk food?
No, I can't become fit by eating junk food.
What time do you usually get up in the morning?
I usually get up at 6 o'clock in the morning.
Do you work out before you go to work?
No, I don't work out before I go to work.
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
I usually eat cereal for breakfast.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
How do you like your cereal?
I like my cereal with milk.
What time do you usually leave home?
I usually leave home at 7 AM.
Do you drive your car to work?
Yes, I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
How do you get to work?
I drive my car to work.
Do you drive to work during rush hour?
Yes, I drive to work during rush hour.
Are you often stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, I'm often stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
No, it's not cool to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
Is it boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Yes, it's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour.
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
Do you usually have a lot of work to do during the day?
Yes, I usually have a lot of work to do during the day.
Do you regularly miss work?
No, I don't regularly miss work.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
No, I can't miss my work when I just want to stay home.
Can you miss your work when you just want to stay home?
If you miss a few workdays because you just want to stay home, can you get fired?
Yes, if I miss a few work days because I just want to stay home, I can get fired.
Do you want to get fired?
No, I don't want to get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired.
Do you often go to the doctor?
No, I don't often go to the doctor.
Does it cost a little to see a doctor everyday?
No, it doesn't cost a little to see a doctor every day.
Does it cost a lot of money to see a doctor every day?
Yes, it costs a lot of money to see a doctor every day.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
It costs a lot of money to see a doctor everyday.
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Why don't you see a doctor every day?
I don't see a doctor every day because it costs a lot of money.
Do you always fasten your seat belt before you start driving your car?
Yes, I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
I always fasten my seat belt before I start driving my car.
What do you always do before you start driving your car?
Are you wearing a seat belt now?
No, I'm not wearing a seat belt now.
Why not?
Because I'm not driving a car.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
I'm not wearing a seat belt now because I'm not driving.
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Yes, I understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when I drive.
Do you understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when you drive?
Do you know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive?
Yes, I know people who don't wear a seat belt when they drive.
Do you think they understand how important it is it to wear a seat belt when they drive?
No, I think they don't understand how important it is to wear a seat belt when they drive.
Can you read?
Yes, I can read.
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you read?
How many words a minute can you read?
I can read about 300 words a minute.
Do you think you read slowly?
No, I don't think I read slowly.
Do you think you read fast?
Yes, I think I read fast.
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, does it mean he reads slowly or fast?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
If Jack can read just 20 words a minute, it means he reads slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can read just 20 words a minute?
Can you write?
Yes, I can write.
Do you often have to write long papers at this library?
Yes, I often have to write long papers at this library.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
How often do you have to write long papers at this library?
I have to write long papers at this library several times a week.
Do you write those papers because you want to, or because you have to?
I write those papers because I have to.
Do your teachers make you write long papers several times a week?
Yes, my teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
Who makes you write long papers several times a week?
My teachers make me write long papers several times a week.
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
How many words a minute can you write?
How many words a minute can you write?
I can write about 40 words a minute.
Do you think you write slowly, or quickly?
I think I write quickly.
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, does it mean he writes slowly, or quickly?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
If Jack can write only 5 words a minute, it means he writes slowly.
What does it mean if Jack can write only 5 words a minute?
Is Jack standing in front of you?
No, Jack isn't standing in front of me.
Is Jack sitting behind you?
Yes, Jack is sitting behind me.
Where is Jack sitting?
Jack, is sitting behind me.
Am I sitting behind you, too?
No, you're not sitting behind me, too.
Am I standing to you right?
No, you aren't standing to my right.
Am I standing to your left?
No, you aren't standing to my left.
Am I sitting in front of you?
Yes, you are sitting in front of me.
Where am I sitting?
You are sitting in front of me.
Are you here at the library to hang out with your friend Jack?
No, I'm not here at the library to hang out with my friend Jack.
Are you here at the library to workout?
No, I'm not here at the library to workout.
Are you here at the library to write a paper?
Yes, I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Why are you here at the library?
I'm here at the library to write a paper.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Who makes you write papers?
My teachers make me write papers.
Is there anything on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is something on the elevator doors.
Is there some sign on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is some sign on the elevator doors.
What's on the elevator doors?
There's some sign on the elevator doors.
What does it say?
It says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
Do you think both of these elevators are working?
No, I don't think both of these elevators are working.
Do you think one of these elevators isn't working?
Yes, I think one of these elevators Isn't working.
What makes you think so?
I think so because one of them has an "out of order" sign on it.
What makes you think one of these elevators isn't working?
I think one of these elevators isn't working because there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Can you take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you have to take the stairs instead?
Yes, I have to take the stairs instead.
Can you enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
No, I don't enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Do you hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
Yes, I hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Is it fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours?
No, it's not fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours.
Are the elevators in front of you?
No, the elevators aren't in front of me.
Are the elevators behind you?
No, the elevators aren't behind me.
Are the elevators to your right?
No, the elevators aren't to my right.
Where are the elevators?
The elevators are to my left.
Do you have any colleagues?
Yes, I have some colleagues.
Do you like all of your colleagues?
No, I don't like all of my colleagues.
Is it fun to work with colleagues you don't like?
No, it's not fun to work with colleagues I don't like.
Do you usually try to avoid talking to colleagues you don't like?
Yes, I usually try to avoid talking to colleagues I don't like.
Does your job offer you a lot of opportunities?
No, my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Do you think you have a dead-end job?
Yes, I think I have a dead-end job.
What makes you think so?
I think so because my job doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
What makes you think you have a dead-end job?
I think I have a dead-end job because it doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is this floor wet?
Yes, this floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Do you usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor?
Yes, I usually try to avoid walking on the wet floor.
Why?
Because I don't want to fall.
Why do you usually avoid walking on the wet floor?
I usually avoid walking on the wet floor because I don't want to fall.
Do you want to go on vacation?
Yes I want to go on vacation.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
I usually go on vacation 2 times a year.
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
Do you go on vacation when you want to get some rest?
Yes, I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
When do you go on vacation?
When do you go on vacation?
I go on vacation when I want to get some rest.
Do you usually have a lot of fun on vacation?
Yes, I usually have a lot of fun on vacation.
Do you live in this neighbourhood?
Yes, I live in this neighbourhood.
Do you like to live in this neighbourhood?
No, I don't like to live in this neighbourhood.
Is there a little traffic in this neighbourhood?
No, there isn't a little traffic in this neighbourhood.
Is there a lot of traffic in this neighbourhood?
Yes, there is a lot of traffic in this neighbourhood.
Is that why you don't like to live here?
Yes, that's why I don't like to live here.
Why don't you like to live in this neighbourhood?
I don't like to live in this neighbourhood because there is a lot of traffic.
Why don't you like to live in this neighbourhood?
Why don't you like to live in this neighbourhood?
I don't like to live in this neighbourhood because there is a lot of traffic.
Is it pleasant to live in a neighbourhood with a lot of traffic?
No, it's not pleasant to live in a neighbourhood with a lot of traffic.
Are you thinking of moving to another neighbourhood?
Yes, I'm thinking of moving to another neighbourhood.
What are you thinking of?
I'm thinking of moving to another neighbourhood.
Why?
Because I don't like to live in the neighbourhood with a lot of traffic.
Why are you thinking of moving to another neighbourhood?
I'm thinking of moving to another neighbourhood because I don't like to live in a neighbourhood with a lot of traffic.
Do you live in a house, or in a multi-story building?
I live in a multi-story building.
Which floor do you live on?
I live on the 5th floor.
Which floor do you live on?
Do you live in an apartment, or in the street?
I live in an apartment.
Do we call people who don't have a place to live homeless?
Yes, we call people who don't have a place to live homeless.
What do we call people who don't have a place to live?
We call people who don't have a place to live homeless.
What do we call people who don't have a place to live?
What do we call people who don't have a place to live?
We call people who don't have a place to live homeless.
Is it your apartment, or do you rent it?
I rent it.
Do you have any neighbours?
Yes, I have some neighbours.
Do you like your neighbours?
No, I don't like my neighbours.
Do you like to hang out with your neighbours at the bar on weekends?
No, I don't like to hang out with my neighbours at the bar on weekends.
Do your next-door neighbours often listen to loud music?
Yes, my next-door neighbours often listen to loud music.
Do you like it when your next-door neighbours listen to loud music?
No, I don't like it when my next-door neighbours listen to loud music.
Does it drive you crazy when your next-door neighbours listen to loud music?
Yes, it drives me crazy when my next- door neighbours listen to loud music.
How do you feel about it when your next-door neighbours listen to loud music?
It drives me crazy when my next- door neighbours listen to loud music.
When your next-door neighbours listen to loud music, do you just close your ears?
No, when my next-door neighbours listen to loud music, I don't just close my ears.
When your next-door neighbours listen to loud music, do you ask them to turn it down?
Yes, when my next-door neighbours listen to loud music, I ask them to turn it down.
What do you ask your neighbours to do when they listen to very loud music?
When my neighbours listen to very loud music, I ask them to turn it down.
What do you ask your neighbours to do when they listen to very loud music?
What do you ask your neighbours to do when they listen to very loud music?
When my neighbours listen to very loud music, I ask them to turn it down.
Can you live in this apartment for free?
No, I can't live in this apartment for free.
Do you have to pay your rent and your bills?
Yes, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in this apartment?
I have to pay my rent and my bills if I want to live in this apartment.
What do you have to pay if you want to live in this apartment?
If you stop paying your rent, can they kick you out of this apartment?
Yes, if I stop paying my rent, they can kick me out of this apartment.
What can they do if you stop paying your rent?
If I stop paying my rent, they can kick me out of this apartment.
Do you want them to kick you out of this apartment?
No, I don't want them to kick me out of this apartment.
What do you have to do if you don't want them to kick you out of this apartment?
If I don't want them to kick me out of this apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
What do you have to do if you don't want them to kick you out of this apartment?
If I don't want them to kick me out of this apartment, I have to pay my rent and my bills.
Do you hope your rent goes up next month?
No, I hope my rent doesn't go up next month.
Do you think your rent can go down next month?
No, I don't think my rent can go down next month.
It doesn't work like that.
Rent never goes down.
It only goes up...
All the way up.
Are your neighbours pleasant people?
Yes, my neighbours are pleasant people.
Do your neighbours listen to loud music at night?
No, my neighbours don't listen to loud music at night.
Do your neighbours often throw loud parties?
No, my neighbours don't often throw loud parties.
She drinks 3 cups of coffee in the morning
Question: How...?
How many cups of coffee does she drink in the morning?
I go to the gym five times a week.
Question: How often...?
How often do you go to the gym?
I regularly go to the gym to workout
Question: Why...?
Why do you regularly go to the gym?
I have to eat healthy food if I want to stay fit
Question: What food...?
What food do you have to eat if you want to stay fit?
It's boring to be stuck in traffic during rush hour
Question: How...?
How is it to be stuck in traffic during rush hour?
It's better for me not to miss my work because I can get fired
Question: Why...?
Why is it better for you not to miss your work?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it
Question: Why...?
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
It costs a lot of money to see a doctor every day
Question: How much...?
How much does it cost to see a doctor everyday?
I'm not wearing a seat belt now because I'm not driving
Question: Why...?
Why aren't you wearing a seat belt now?
My teachers make me write long papers several times a week
Question: Who...?
Who makes you write long papers several times a week?
I have 32 teeth
Question: How...?
How many teeth do you have?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
Question: What...?
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
This sign says "out of order".
Question: What...?
What does this sign say?
I think one of these elevators isn't working because there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Question: What makes...?
What makes you think one of these elevators isn't working?
I think I have a dead-end job because it doesn't offer me a lot of opportunities.
Question: What makes...?
What makes you think you have a dead-end job?
I usually go on vacation 2 times a year
Question: How many...?
How many times a year do you usually go on vacation?
When I miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
Question: What grades...?
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
The phrase "out of order" means "broken".
Question: What...?
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
I don't like to live in this neighbourhood because there is a lot of traffic
Question: Why...?
Why don't you like to live in this neighbourhood?
I'm thinking of moving to another neighbourhood because I don't like to live in a neighbourhood with a lot of traffic
Question: Why...?
Why are you thinking of moving to another neighbourhood?
I live on the 5th floor
Question: Which...?
Which floor do you live on?
We call people who don't have a place to live homeless.
Question: What...?
What do we call people who don't have a place to live?
I have to pay my rent and my bills if I want to live in this apartment.
Question: What...?
What do you have to pay if you want to live in this apartment?
If I want to make a sandwich, I need some bread.
Question: What...?
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet.
Question: What...?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
It hurts to fall on the wet floor
Question: How... feel...?
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
----‐------------------------------------------------------