Do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
Yes, I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work.
Why?
Because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Why do you usually try to avoid heavy traffic when you go to work?
I usually try to avoid heavy traffic when I go to work because I don't like to be stuck in traffic.
Are you driving your car now?
No, I'm not driving my car now.
Are you out of gas?
No, I'm not out of gas.
Do you have a flat tire?
Yes, I have a flat tire.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
What's wrong with your tire?
My tire is flat.
Why aren't you driving your car?
I'm not driving my car because I have a flat tire.
Do you regularly get a flat tire?
No, I don't regularly get a flat tire.
Is my car the same as yours?
No, your car isn't the same as mine.
Is my car different from yours?
Yes, your car is different from mine.
Do I drive a small expensive sports car?
No, you don't drive a small expensive sports car.
Do I drive a tow truck?
Yes, you drive a tow truck.
What kind of truck do I drive?
You drive a tow truck .
Do I have a flat tire too?
No, you don't have a flat tire too.
Does your car have a trunk?
Yes, my car has a trunk.
Do you have a spare tire in your trunk?
No, I don't have a spare tire in my trunk.
Is your trunk big enough to fit a spare tire in it?
No, my trunk isn't big enough to fit a spare tire in it.
Is your trunk too small to fit a spare tire in it?
Yes, my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Why don't you have a spare tire in your trunk?
I don't have a spare tire in my trunk because my trunk is too small to fit a spare tire in it.
Do you want me to take your car to the garage?
Yes, I want you to take my car to the garage.
Where do you want me to take your car?
I want you to take my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Do you understand that you have to pay me for taking your car to the garage?
Yes, I understand that I have to pay you for taking my car to the garage.
Is there anything on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is something on the elevator doors.
Is there some sign on the elevator doors?
Yes, there is some sign on the elevator doors.
What's on the elevator doors?
There's some sign on the elevator doors.
What does it say?
It says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
This sign says "out of order".
What does this sign say?
Do you think both of these elevators are working?
No, I don't think both of these elevators are working.
Do you think one of these elevators isn't working?
Yes, I think one of these elevators Isn't working.
What makes you think so?
I think so because one of them has an "out of order" sign on it.
What makes you think one of these elevators isn't working?
I think one of these elevators isn't working because there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Can you take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't take the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you have to take the stairs instead?
Yes, I have to take the stairs instead.
Can you enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it?
No, I can't enter the elevator if there is an "out of order" sign on it.
Do you enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
No, I don't enjoy taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Do you hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor?
Yes, I hate taking the stairs to the 10th floor.
Is it fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours?
No, it's not fun to be stuck in the elevator for 3 hours.
Are the elevators in front of you?
No, the elevators aren't in front of me.
Are the elevators behind you?
No, the elevators aren't behind me.
Are the elevators to your right?
No, the elevators aren't to my right.
Where are the elevators?
The elevators are to my left.
Do you know how to read this year?
Yes, I know how to read this year
Read it.
Nineteen twenty-five. -1925
Do you know how to read this year?
Yes, I know how to read this year.
Read it.
Two thousand. -2000
Can you read this year?
Yes, I can read this year.
Read it.
Twenty Thirty-two. -2032
Do you often miss your classes?
Yes, I often miss my classes.
If you often miss your classes, do teachers give you good grades?
No, if I often miss my classes, teachers don't give me good grades.
If you often miss your classes, do teachers give you bad grades?
Yes, if I often miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
When I miss my classes, teachers give me bad grades.
What grades do teachers give you when you miss your classes?
Do you have to be organized if you want to get good grades?
Yes, I have to be organized if I want to get good grades.
Do you like to take difficult exams?
No, I don't like to take difficult exams.
Do you usually have fun during difficult exams?
No, I don't usually have fun during difficult exams.
Can you fail your exam if you come unprepared?
Yes, I can fail my exam if I come unprepared.
Is it fun to fail every exam you take?
No, it's not fun to fail every exam I take.
Do you know what the phrase "out of order" means?
Yes, I know what the phrase "out of order" means.
Does it mean "working"?
No, it doesn't mean "working".
Does it mean "please enter"?
No, it doesn't mean "please enter".
Does it mean "broken"?
Yes, it means "broken".
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
The phrase "out of order" means "broken".
What does the phrase "out of order" mean?
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
We call a doctor who fixes my teeth a dentist.
What do we call a doctor who fixes your teeth?
Do you like to eat a sandwich at night?
No, I don't like to eat a sandwich at night.
Is it good for you to eat anything at night?
No, it's not good for me to eat anything at night.
Can you make a sandwich if you're out of bread?
No, I can't make a sandwich if I'm out of bread.
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
If I want to make a sandwich, I need some bread.
What do you need if you want to make a sandwich?
Do you go shopping when you run out of bread?
Yes, I go shopping when I run out of bread.
Do you eat chewing gums when you run out of breads?
No, I don't eat chewing gums when I run out of bread.
What do you do when you run out of bread?
I go shopping when I run out of bread.
Are there any nice grocery stores in your neighbourhood?
Yes, there are some nice grocery stores in my neighbourhood.
Is this floor dry?
No, this floor isn't dry.
Is there any water on the floor?
Yes, there is some water on the floor.
Does it mean the floor is dry, or wet?
It means the floor is wet.
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
What does it mean if there is some water on the floor?
If there is some water on the floor, it means the floor is wet.
Can you fall if you walk on the wet floor?
Yes, I can fall if I walk on the wet floor.
Is it pleasant to fall on the wet floor at a grocery store?
No, it's not pleasant to fall on the wet floor at a grocery store.
Does it hurt to fall on the wet floor?
Yes, it hurts to fall on the wet floor.
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
It hurts to fall on the wet floor.
How does it feel to fall on the wet floor?
Do you often take a shower?
Yes, I often take a shower.
Do you prefer to take a shower, or a bath?
I prefer to take a shower.
Do you like to sing when you take a shower?
Yes, I like to sing when I take a shower.
Does it make you a singer?
No, it doesn't make me a singer.
Simple past tense.
Past events
Be
I am late for work
I am late - present time
He is scared - present time
There are lots of papers on his table - present time
is, am, are
Present forms of the verb
Be
Past forms of "be"
Was, were
Was - used for singular nouns
Were - used for plural nouns
Was. Were
I was. You were
He was. They were
She was. We were
It was
There is a car in the driveway - present
There was a car in the driveway - past
I am late - is the present
I was late - past
He is scared - present
He was scared - past
be + subjects -> subject + be
I was late -> Was I late?
We were hungry -> Were we hungry?
There were lots of people at the party -> Were there lots of people at the party?
How many people were there at the party?
in negative
Was not. Were not
Wasn't. Weren't
Were you home yesterday?
No, I wasn't home yesterday.
I was at work.
Was he at work last Sunday?
No, he wasn't at work last Sunday
He was home.
We weren't hungry after party yesterday.
They weren't scared of that bear
Tonight
Yesterday
The day before yesterday
2 days ago
Last
Last week
Last month
Last year
Tired
Get tired
Be afraid
Dark
The dark
Light
Are you at a movie theatre now?
No, I'm not at a movie theatre now.
Where are you now?
I'm at work now.
Do you want to go to the movies tonight?
Yes, I want to go to the movies tonight.
Were you at a movie theatre yesterday?
No, I wasn't at a movie theatre yesterday.
Were you at a movie theatre last month?
No, I wasn't at a movie theatre last month.
Were you at a movie theatre last year?
Yes, I was at a movie theatre last year.
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you prefer to stay home and watch movies all day instead of going to work?
No, I don't prefer to stay home and watch movies all day instead of going to work.
Is it boring to stay home all day and watch movies?
Yes, it is boring to stay home all day and watch movies.
Were you at work yesterday?
Yes, I was at work yesterday.
Were you at work the day before yesterday?
Yes, I was at work the day before yesterday.
Were you at work 5 days ago?
No, I wasn't at work 5 days ago.
Was it Sunday 5 days ago?
Yes, it was Sunday 5 days ago.
Why weren't you at work 5 days ago?
I wasn't at work 5 days ago because it was Sunday.
Is it fun to work on weekends instead of hanging out with your friends?
No, it's not fun to work on weekends instead of hanging out with my friends.
Is there any money in your wallet?
Yes, there is some money in my wallet.
Is there 1000 dollars in your wallet?
No, there isn't 1000 dollars in my wallet.
How much money is there in your wallet?
There is 500 dollars in my wallet.
Can you buy a new car with this money?
No, I can't buy a new car with this money.
Was there any money in your wallet yesterday?
Yes, there was some money in my wallet yesterday.
How much money was there in your wallet yesterday?
There was 600 dollars in my wallet yesterday.
Are you stuck in traffic now?
No, I'm not stuck in traffic now.
Why not?
Because I'm on the Subway.
Can you be stuck in traffic if you take the Subway?
No, I can't be stuck in traffic if I take the Subway.
Are you often very busy on work days?
Yes, I'm often very busy on workdays.
Do you like to be stuck at work on weekends?
No, I don't like to be stuck at work on weekends.
Is Tom stuck at work when he has a lot of work to do?
Yes, Tom is stuck at work when he has a lot of work to do.
When is Tom stuck at work?
Tom is stuck at work when he has a lot of work to do.
Is Tom stuck at work now?
Yes, Tom is stuck at work now.
Does he have a lot of work to do now?
Yes, he has a lot of work to do now.
Do you think Tom likes to be stuck at work?
No, I think Tom doesn't like to be stuck at work.
Were you stuck at work last Thursday?
No, I wasn't stuck at work last Thursday.
Are you afraid of me?
No, I'm not afraid of you.
Were you afraid of me last week?
No, I wasn't afraid of you last week.
Are you afraid of speaking English?
No, I'm not afraid of speaking English.
Were you afraid of speaking English 9 months ago?
Yes, I was afraid of speaking English 9 months ago.
Are you afraid of elevators?
No, I'm not afraid of elevators.
What if it is very dark in the elevator, are you afraid?
Yes, if it is very dark in the elevator, I'm afraid.
When are you afraid to take the elevator?
I'm afraid to take the elevator when it's dark there.
Are you afraid of being stuck in the dark elevator?
Yes, I'm afraid of being stuck in the dark elevator.
Are you afraid of black cats?
No, I'm not afraid of black cats.
Are you afraid of being stuck in the elevator with a black cat in it?
Yes, I'm afraid of being stuck in the elevator with a black cat in it.
Were you afraid of elevators when you were a child?
No, I wasn't afraid of elevators when I was a child.
Were you stuck in a dark elevator when you were a child?
No, I wasn't stuck in a dark elevator when I was a child.
Do you want to get stuck in a dark elevator tonight?
No, I don't want to get stuck in a dark elevator tonight.
Do you know people who are afraid of elevators?
No, I don't know people who are afraid of elevators.
Are there 3 days in a week?
No, there are not 3 days in a week.
Are there 20 days in a week?
No, there are not 20 days in a week.
How many days are there in a week?
There are 7 days in a week.
How many days were there last week?
There were 7 days last week.
Do you go to work everyday?
No, I don't go to work everyday.
Do you go to work 3 days a week?
No, I don't go to work 3 days a week.
How many days a week do you go to work?
I go to work 5 days a week.
How many days a week do you go to work?
Do you enjoy working 5 days a week.
Yes, I enjoy working 5 days a week.
Do you want to work 24/7?
No, I don't want to work 24/7.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to rest?
No, if Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to rest.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to eat and to drink?
No, If Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to eat and to drink.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to hang out with his friends?
No, if Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to hang out with his friends.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to do anything?
No, if Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to do anything.
What does Jack have time for if he works 24/7?
If Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time for anything.
What does Jack have time for if he works 24/7?
Is it a lot of fun to work 24/7?
No, it's not a lot of fun to work 24/7.
Why not?
Because you don't have time for anything.
Do you usually wake up at 5 AM?
No, I don't usually wake up at 5 AM.
Do you usually wake up at 7 PM?
No, I don't usually wake up at 7 PM.
What time do you usually wake up?
I usually wake up at 6 AM.
What time do you usually wake up?
Do you get up in the morning when it's dark?
Yes, I sometimes get up in the morning when it's dark.
Are you afraid to get up when it's very dark?
No, I'm not afraid to get up when it's very dark.
Do you like to get up when it's very dark?
No, I don't like to get up when it's very dark.
Do you only like to get up when it's light?
Yes, I only like to get up when it's light.
When do you like to get up?
I like to get up when it's light.
When do you like to get up?
Was it light at 4 AM yesterday?
No, it wasn't light at 4 AM yesterday.
Was it dark at 1 PM the day before yesterday?
No, it wasn't dark at 1 PM the day before yesterday.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Yes, I'm afraid of the dark.
Were you afraid of the dark when you were a child?
Yes, I was afraid of the dark when I was a child.
----‐------------------------------------------------------