If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to rest?
No, if Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to rest.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to eat and to drink?
No, If Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to eat and to drink.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to hang out with his friends?
No, if Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to hang out with his friends.
If Jack works 24/7, does he have time to do anything?
No, if Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time to do anything.
What does Jack have time for if he works 24/7?
If Jack works 24/7, he doesn't have time for anything.
What does Jack have time for if he works 24/7?
Is it a lot of fun to work 24/7?
No, it's not a lot of fun to work 24/7.
Why not?
Because you don't have time for anything.
Do you usually wake up at 5 AM?
No, I don't usually wake up at 5 AM.
Do you usually wake up at 7 PM?
No, I don't usually wake up at 7 PM.
What time do you usually wake up?
I usually wake up at 6 AM.
What time do you usually wake up?
Do you get up in the morning when it's dark?
Yes, I sometimes get up in the morning when it's dark.
Are you afraid to get up when it's very dark?
No, I'm not afraid to get up when it's very dark.
Do you like to get up when it's very dark?
No, I don't like to get up when it's very dark.
Do you only like to get up when it's light?
Yes, I only like to get up when it's light.
When do you like to get up?
I like to get up when it's light.
When do you like to get up?
Was it light at 4 AM yesterday?
No, it wasn't light at 4 AM yesterday.
Was it dark at 1 PM the day before yesterday?
No, it wasn't dark at 1 PM the day before yesterday.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Yes, I'm afraid of the dark.
Were you afraid of the dark when you were a child?
Yes, I was afraid of the dark when I was a child.
Is there any money in your wallet?
Yes, there is some money in my wallet.
Is there 1000 dollars in your wallet?
No, there isn't 1000 dollars in my wallet.
How much money is there in your wallet?
There is 500 dollars in my wallet.
Can you buy a new car with this money?
No, I can't buy a new car with this money.
Was there any money in your wallet yesterday?
Yes, there was some money in my wallet yesterday.
How much money was there in your wallet yesterday?
There was 600 dollars in my wallet yesterday.
Are you stuck in traffic now?
No, I'm not stuck in traffic now.
Why not?
Because I'm on the Subway.
Can you be stuck in traffic if you take the Subway?
No, I can't be stuck in traffic if I take the Subway.
Are you often very busy on work days?
Yes, I'm often very busy on workdays.
Do you like to be stuck at work on weekends?
No, I don't like to be stuck at work on weekends.
Is Tom stuck at work when he has a lot of work to do?
Yes, Tom is stuck at work when he has a lot of work to do.
When is Tom stuck at work?
Tom is stuck at work when he has a lot of work to do.
Is Tom stuck at work now?
Yes, Tom is stuck at work now.
Does he have a lot of work to do now?
Yes, he has a lot of work to do now.
Do you think Tom likes to be stuck at work?
No, I think Tom doesn't like to be stuck at work.
Were you stuck at work last Thursday?
No, I wasn't stuck at work last Thursday.
Are you afraid of me?
No, I'm not afraid of you.
Were you afraid of me last week?
No, I wasn't afraid of you last week.
Are you afraid of speaking English?
No, I'm not afraid of speaking English.
Were you afraid of speaking English 9 months ago?
Yes, I was afraid of speaking English 9 months ago.
Are you at a movie theatre now?
No, I'm not at a movie theatre now.
Where are you now?
I'm at work now.
Do you want to go to the movies tonight?
Yes, I want to go to the movies tonight.
Were you at a movie theatre yesterday?
No, I wasn't at a movie theatre yesterday.
Were you at a movie theatre last month?
No, I wasn't at a movie theatre last month.
Were you at a movie theatre last year?
Yes, I was at a movie theatre last year.
Do you like your job?
Yes, I like my job.
Do you prefer to stay home and watch movies all day instead of going to work?
No, I don't prefer to stay home and watch movies all day instead of going to work.
Is it boring to stay home all day and watch movies?
Yes, it is boring to stay home all day and watch movies.
Were you at work yesterday?
Yes, I was at work yesterday.
Were you at work the day before yesterday?
Yes, I was at work the day before yesterday.
Were you at work 5 days ago?
No, I wasn't at work 5 days ago.
Was it Sunday 5 days ago?
Yes, it was Sunday 5 days ago.
Why weren't you at work 5 days ago?
I wasn't at work 5 days ago because it was Sunday.
Is it fun to work on weekends instead of hanging out with your friends?
No, it's not fun to work on weekends instead of hanging out with my friends.
Regular verbs in simple past.
Two kind of verbs in English.
Regular verbs.
Irregular verbs.
-ed.
Work -> worked
Play -> played
Enjoy -> enjoyed
Brush -> brushed
Like -> liked
I work hard every day.
I worked hard yesterday.
He plays video games in the morning before school.
He played a video game before school yesterday.
He enjoys watching cartoons.
He enjoyed watching cartoons when he was a child.
She brushes her teeth three times a day.
She brushed her teeth only once yesterday.
I like to sleep late on weekends.
I liked to wake up early when I was a kid.
Did + subject
Did -> (past form of Do)
I worked hard yesterday.
Did you work hard yesterday?
Work -> present form.
Not used past form "worked".
If you use "did", we don't put the main verb in the past.
He played a lot of video games yesterday.
Did he play a lot of video games yesterday?
How many games did he play yesterday?
When did he play video games?
She enjoyed the movie.
Did she enjoy the movie?
What movie did she enjoy?
She brushed her teeth three times yesterday.
Did she brush her teeth three times yesterday?
How many times did she brush her teeth yesterday?
Why did she brush her teeth three times yesterday?
I liked cheese pizza when I was a child.
Did you like pizza with pepperoni when you were a child?
What kind of pizza did you like when you were a child?
When did you like cheese pizza?
Negative sentence.
Did not.
(Didn't).
Did you drink at the party?
No, I didn't drink much.
Did she enjoy the food at the party?
No, she didn't enjoy the food at the party.
Did he brush his teeth this morning?
No, he didn't brush his teeth this morning.
Play
A brush
Brush
Live
A game
A video game
Tooth
Teeth
Toothbrush
Toothpaste
Kind
(what kind?)
Brother's
Mother's
Do you live in Somalia?
No, I don't live in Somalia.
Do you want to live in Somalia?
No, I don't want to live in Somalia.
Where do you live?
I live in Mexico.
Do you like to live in your country?
Yes, I like to live in my country.
Did you live in the United States 3 years ago?
No, I didn't live in the United States 3 years ago.
Did you live on this Subway 3 years ago?
No, I didn't live on this Subway 3 years ago.
Did you live in Mexico 3 years ago?
Yes, I lived in Mexico 3 years ago.
Where did you live 3 years ago?
I lived in Mexico 3 years ago.
Are you a child now?
No, I'm not a child now.
Are you an adult now?
Yes, I'm an adult now.
Were you a child in the past?
Yes, I was a child in the past.
Did you enjoy being a child?
Yes, I enjoyed being a child.
Did you want to become an adult when you were a child?
Yes, I wanted to become an adult when I was a child.
Do you want to become a child now that you are an adult?
No, I don't want to become a child now that I'm an adult.
Where did you live when you were a child?
I lived in Mexico when I was a child.
Did you like to live in Mexico when you were a child?
Yes, I liked to live in Mexico when I was a child.
Do you go to work every day?
No, I don't go to work every day.
How many days a week do you go to work?
I go to work five days a week.
Do you usually get tired at work?
Yes, I usually get tired at work.
Do you like to get really tired at work?
No, I don't like to get really tired at work.
Do you play video games at work when you're tired?
No, I don't play video games at work when I'm tired.
Do you sometimes want to play video games at work when you're tired?
Yes, I sometimes want to play video games at work when I'm tired.
Can you get fired if you play video games instead of working?
Yes, I can get fired if I play video games instead of working.
Did you play video games when you were a child?
Yes, I played video games when I was a child.
Did you enjoy playing video games when you were a child?
Yes, I enjoyed playing video games when I was a child.
Did you have your favourite video game when you were a child?
Yes, I had my favourite video game when I was a child.
What was it?
It was Tomb Rider.
Do people get tired if they work 15 hours a day?
Yes, people get tired if they work 15 hours a day.
Does Frank get tired if he works 17 hours a day?
Yes, Frank gets tired if he works 17 hours a day.
Does Frank want to get some rest when he's really tired?
Yes, Frank wants to get some rest when he's really tired.
Does Frank want to work hard when he is really tired?
No, Frank doesn't want to work hard when he is really tired.
What does Frank want to do when he's really tired?
Frank wants to get some rest when he's really tired.
Is it easy to work all day without resting?
No, it's not easy to work all day without resting.
Is it difficult to work all day without resting?
Yes, it's difficult to work all day without resting.
Do you have a toothbrush?
Yes, I have a toothbrush.
How many toothbrushes do you have?
I have one toothbrush.
What colour is your toothbrush?
My toothbrush is green.
Do you brush your teeth with a toothbrush and toothpaste?
Yes, I brush my teeth with a toothbrush and toothpaste.
Do you brush your teeth with your finger?
No, I don't brush my teeth with my finger.
Do you brush your teeth with a fork and a knife?
No, I don't brush my teeth with a fork and a knife.
Do you brush your teeth with chopsticks?
No, I don't brush my teeth with chopsticks.
What do you brush your teeth with?
I brush my teeth with a toothbrush and toothpaste.
Do you eat toothpaste for breakfast?
No, I don't eat toothpaste for breakfast.
How about lunch, do you eat toothpaste for lunch?
No, I don't eat toothpaste for lunch.
Is it good for you to eat toothpaste instead of food?
No, it's not good for me to eat toothpaste instead of food.
Do you think toothpaste is tasty or gross?
I think toothpaste is gross.
Did you brush your teeth yesterday?
Yes, I brushed my teeth yesterday.
Did you brush your teeth only once yesterday?
No, I didn't brush my teeth only once yesterday.
How many times did you brush your teeth yesterday?
I brushed my teeth twice yesterday.
What did you brush your teeth with yesterday?
I brushed my teeth with a toothbrush and toothpaste yesterday.
Do you have a brother?
Yes, I have a brother.
Is brother a sibling?
Yes, brother is a sibling.
Is brother a parent?
No, brother is not a parent.
How many siblings do you have?
I have 2 siblings.
Do you have a sister?
Yes, I have a sister.
Is it a good idea to brush your teeth with your sister's toothbrush?
No, it's not a good idea to brush my teeth with my sister's toothbrush.
Is it a good idea to brush your teeth with your brother's toothbrush?
No, it's not a good idea to brush my teeth with my brother's toothbrush.
Is it a terrible idea to brush your teeth with your sibling's toothbrush?
Yes, it's a terrible idea to brush my teeth with my sibling's toothbrush.
Do you think it's gross?
Yes, I think it's gross.
Are you sometimes late for work when there's a lot of traffic in the city?
Yes, I'm sometimes late for work when there's a lot of traffic in the city.
Is it good of you to be late for work?
No, it's not good of me to be late for work.
Is it bad of you to be late for work?
Yes, it's bad of me to be late for work.
Can you be late for work if you are stuck in traffic?
Yes, I can be late for work I'm stuck in traffic.
Do you sometimes hurry to work when you don't want to be late?
Yes, I sometimes hurry to work when I don't want to be late.
Did you hurry to work yesterday?
No, I didn't hurry to work yesterday.
When you hurry, do you brush your teeth slowly?
No, when I hurry, I don't brush my teeth slowly.
When you hurry, do you brush your teeth fast?
Yes, when I hurry, I brush my teeth fast.
How do you brush your teeth when you hurry?
I brush my teeth fast when I hurry.
How do you brush your teeth when you hurry?
Did you brush your teeth slowly yesterday?
Yes, I brushed my teeth slowly yesterday.
Did you brush your teeth fast yesterday?
No, I didn't brush my teeth fast yesterday.
Do you brush your teeth with a toothbrush?
Yes, I brush my teeth with a toothbrush.
Do you brush your teeth with a shoe brush?
No, I don't brush my teeth with a shoe brush.
What kind of brush do you brush your teeth with?
I brush my teeth with a toothbrush.
What kind of brush do you brush your teeth with?
----‐------------------------------------------------------